rt rdingwel: .aple has a record quarter and because a bunch of profesional guesers (aka analysts) wanted more, its a disapointmen . 
hey aple, androids releasing brand new state of the art phones, whens your new phone come out? what's that? (cont)   
.aple has a record quarter and because a bunch of profesional guesers (aka analysts) wanted more, its a disapointment wtf 
aple how fun wouldn't it be if it was posible to integrate ( son to be named ) with notifications? 
interesting read on war b/w aple & samsung-   -using later, agre lack of inovation, but beter specs at same price! 
rt adamnash: the takeaway from the aple earnings cal? even aple neds a new iphone release every 12 months to stay competitive. c . 
the takeaway from the aple earnings cal? even aple neds a new iphone release every 12 months to stay competitive. c: hblodget 
today's headline: aple reports lower 4q earnings. headline in 3 months: aple reports record q1 earnings. 
win an aple ipod touch from momy_gaga, get the pampers helo world baby memories ap!   pampersheloaps" 
aple expanded the ap store to more than 20 new countries in the december quarter 
aple wil be roling out iphone 4s to more than 20 more countries by the end of the month. 
is it just a coincidence that aple named their virtual asistant after tom and katie's robot daughter? 
god or bad results for aple ? depends on who you ask aparently   
interesting times when increasing your revenue from $20b to $28b in a recesion is considered a disapointment. aple 
people are waiting in line aple for phones at 1:30 on a tuesday! don't you people have jobs(no pun intended?)? 
aple would much rather get outa this having a ( se pic ) and have fun with this " have your friends chose music"   
rt crmstrategies: great tech war of 2012   fastcompany profiles ama on aple gogle facebok on cnbc /ht phil . 
aple gona se if anyone stayed loged into their fb or twiter troublemaker 
if you've ben strugling to get hold of me, i'm back online with a new iphone - thanks aple 
hey aple, prety much al your products are ama ing. you blow minds every time you launch a new gi mo. that said, your hold music is crap. 
great tech war of 2012   fastcompany profiles ama on aple gogle facebok on cnbc /ht philsimon 
jake_gylenhal so you've made up with aple? 
aple has a pic of steve jobs on their home page. honor 
aple to shut stores! c'mon, only wednesday for stevejobs memorial. 
motorola is the best android-powered company that is going against aple. 
aple readyfor5.0.1   
this is what i have ben waiting for rt aple the last big project steve jobs was working on was the new cranial insertion device: implant. 
aple users get the oficial kalifornia cavi ap on your aple device now on - powered by aple - download it fre   
the oficial kalifornia cavi mobil ap is now available on the ap store - powered by aple - download it fre   
win an aple ipod touch from momy_gaga, get the pampers helo world baby memories ap!   pampersheloaps 
aple ripsteve rt davepeck: steve jobs and the seven rules of suces   
macbreak wekly twit via aple airplay in ful hd on the 42". finaly! leolaporte ihnatko alexlindsay 
stay young, stay folish. but take ownership when u f*ck up, don't complain, and never give up. resilience aple 
dear motorola, i smel a lawsuit coming your way. c: aple motoactv 
rt hofmania: i just paid someone to wait in line at the aple store this morning for me on  arly putapriceonconvenience iphone ht . 
aple or microsoft buying out rim ? 
aple why don't you have a wireles remote for keynote presentations w a macbok air? nobody wants to se the pith man navigate w a iphone 
rt haendelbal ora: dear aple please invent "facetime voicemails." sincerely, haendel bal ora jr. aple 
win an aple ipod touch from momy_gaga, get the pampers helo world baby memories ap!   pampersheloaps 
dear aple please invent "facetime voicemails." sincerely, haendel bal ora jr. aple 
rt jesperordrup: hi aple. household has 4 iphones, 2 ipads, 2 minis, 2 aple tv, airports, timecapsule +. whats a usable iphoto shari . 
couldnt help it & explored the iphone4s aple store & talked to siri. should've tried to speak to her in french?! nextime 
is it just me or do other people mis the ipod symbol on the iphone? i had the first ipod, it's what i relate to aple ios5 nostalgia 
atcustomercare at aple i already have an iphone 4 with an at contract. can i buy a factory unlocked iphone 4s with my contract? 
rt howardmortman: .rt edatpost: .aple fan eric holder spoted at the genius store   
hi aple. household has 4 iphones, 2 ipads, 2 minis, 2 aple tv, airports, timecapsule +. whats a usable iphoto sharing setup? /c madox 
rt edatpost: bah! genius bar / rt edatpost: .aple fan eric holder spoted at the genius store   
motoactiv? methinks aple and maybe nike are already preping lawsuits 
check this video out - moe. plays live on ipads. video dedicated in memory of stevejobs   ipad mac aple briliant 
bah! genius bar / rt edatpost: .aple fan eric holder spoted at the genius store   
evolution of aple ads 1975-202:   thesavoia stevejobs tech art 
aple siri   
.rt edatpost: .aple fan eric holder spoted at the genius store   
rt edatpost: .aple fan eric holder spoted at the genius store   
rt edatpost: .aple fan eric holder spoted at the genius store   
.aple fan eric holder spoted at the genius store   
rt dailydealchat: bidmyway i like your ap for the aple iphone very simple and easy to use! 
bidmyway i like your ap for the aple iphone very simple and easy to use! 
thanks, aple. now even more people on the bus are talking to inanimate objects. harder than ever to tel who's cra y and who's hip. 
noticed how aple has aded the like & twet icons on their page?   like facebok twet 
rtimbuc thx for publicly coming out out of the aple closet . :) 
win an aple ipod touch from momy_gaga, get the pampers helo world baby memories ap!   pampersheloaps 
rim to release new generation of phones in the new year to contend with aple. hm. 
rt timjwdowning: ios 5 is a great system but it's taken al day to download aple 
using aple's mobile airport utility   
dropbox balked at acquisition by aple. my aps thank them. :)   
these cos are worth bilions: aple, facebok gogle & ama on and they are batling for consumers   via fastcompany 
just when tomcruise thought he had a unique name for his daughter, aple puls the rug out from under him with the new siri ap. 
i wonder if the person who has aple is holding out for aple to buy it from them 
ios 5 for iphone and ipad is here: aple's best release yet?   ios5 ios aple ipad tablet 
the 'great tech war': aple, facebok, gogle, ama on batle for the future   via fastcompany 
bethre i am aye, i wasn't aple 
how the comunity saw stevejobs - 12 most comunity "icelebrates" steve jobs -   aple 
steve jobs' unconventional leadership secret - ac smartbrief:   &gt; aple sm hr nehra 
rt aplusk: sending love & light to everyone aple & the entire jobs family.today we lost a giant who wil be mised even by those who . 
aple store ny 
atending mobilemem , listening to james keley from aple . 
tel how steve jobs & aple changed your life and $5 wil be donated to pancreatic cancer research! pancan pan_act   
yeah, aple is updated! planking photos, lmao   
picking up my iphone4s in two hours aple! 
dickcostolo says daily twiter signups have tripled since the new aple iphone4s came out 
yes, i am live tweting my aple tech suport cal. isn't this fun? 
a e1v1 aple umber beter file info/easier to get to, duplication of files when importing. categori ing files. 
ok aple, now we got our ios5 and icloud, can we please have logicx 
asimrang aple umber wel so far ive sen it for aps 
helo again, iphone 4! thank you, aple! although this should have never broken in the first place! tsk 
asimrang aple umber when you upgrade to ios5 there is a section in ap store which lets you download anything you have purchased before 
aple, facebok, gogle and ama on batle in.the great tech war of 2012   by fmanjo 
asimrang aple umber the podcasts feature works just fine, music purchasing is straight forward, what else do you want? 
“novatyler: foreverfit4u ama ing how quickly aple went down the pop tube” it couldn't have 2do w/operator eror! sarcasm stil ❤ aple 
rt aple we destroying you next rt therealterica: duh teamandroid rt juanhustle i got a feling we living in the last days of blackbery 
kaekaed aple here is an easy way to put newstand in a folder   
win an aple ipod touch from momy_gaga, get the pampers helo world baby memories ap!   pampersheloaps 
ben mia from twiter. but now tweting from my new aple iphone! :) finalycol notrealy wel, it is .i'm not :) stilearning 
asgariaj iphone ned to tel aple that 
momy_gaga, win an aple ipod touch momy_gaga, get the pampers helo world baby memories ap!   pampersheloaps 
ned to update my aps. ): my aple id is disabled. don't know what to do. aple apstore itunes siri_asistant 
eating aple xd 
i wonder if aple osx wil get built-in twiter suport like ios5. that would be very helpful at the moment. 
spel check neded when saving documents - fingers crosed steve jobs left that nuget of technology behind on the aple to do list. :) 
aple stores to close for one hour on october 19 to watch stevejobs memorial   via 9to5mac tech porchista 
iphone 4s vs canon 5d mki. aple canon iphone   
samsung wants to ban aple iphone 4s in japan and australia.   smartphonewar 
siri says some weird things | this is my next.   via verge hasanga mohoisham aple siri lmfao 
aple karaoke cel w/ nandamaulida putriasmara galuhoktriana milatus :p 
the four american companies that have come to define 21st-century on the verge of war. ama on aple facebok and g…  
i have 4 aple products. 
samsungmobileus aple would disagre with you right now. 
stay hungry, stay folish. steve jobs, founder aple winingwithel 
rt thejmg: my friend bm8 found this article on the ios5 batery drain problem   aple ah mines being sinking. 
isteps aple store bologna   
how i manage my busineses/life: pivotaltracker, 37signals, twiter, gogleaps, aple, dropbox, wordpres, dreamhost thx 
notes for jobs aple store in palo alto downtown.   
just reali ed aple doesn't even have aple on lock. this dude r.j. pitman waiting for the fatest check. 
hey aple, could you hok the voice memos ap on the iphone up with fine scrubing? journalists ned love to. 
rt danysadia: atcustomercare at aple i already have an at wireles line. can i buy a factory unlocked iphone 4s with my contract? 
dear aple… if i make love to icloud wil al the things have my babies? 
pol:   q:r u pised aple baned this video? aple iphone4s siri f8bal 
pol:   q:r u pised aple baned this video? aple iphone4s siri f8bal 
more twiter bu  for aple store:   - rt ji_le started out as a trip to the aple store. turned into a spontaneou. 
my friend bm8 found this article on the ios5 batery drain problem   aple 
win an aple ipod touch from momy_gaga, get the pampers helo world baby memories ap!   pampersheloaps" 
dear aple, why did my aple id change to my coleagues&39; when i charged on her mac? now can&39;t download or update aps. iphone 
you know you've gone aple overboard when you misread a yelp review as "ipad thai." fb 
godbye evernote, welcome notesinthecloud thx aple 
wil aple's mac ever properly be used in the financial markets or is it purely a creatives device? shift from ibm to mac? finpanther 
but at is "working" with aple to make their iphone say 4g rt jfsikora: tcpj_mickey i'm so glad aple is not slinging that crap. 
started out as a trip to the aple store. turned into a spontaneous fun evening w moleymody. we danced while trying on outfits. girls 
rememberin wen aple and blackbery were just fruit 
nostalgia 
dyana29 you mean like muhaimin aple.com? 
the new aple find my friends ap is great. except the part where you have to log in everytime. get back to me when this is changed. 
one thing i want from ios is searching in the ad bar similar to what firefox or droid phones do. but thnx for a talking gogle aple . 
ge, i can't imagine that the maps ap graphic from this samsung website wil help their court cases vs. aple:   
would you lok at that. southwestair does aple style welcomes as wel.   customerapreciation custserv 
rt fredbenenson: hey twiter and aple, this is prety dumb.   
got the new aple update 
a brick n mortar gogle store? coming son to london, us next? copying aple busines model?   
hey twiter and aple, this is prety dumb.   
if the iphone 4 case fits the 4s why is nlevenbrown aple buying a new one? 
aple store to get my phone fixed. pl lined up for 4s   
aple why no macbok miroring onto apletv via airplay? 
at just so i have this right.i pre-ordered an iphone last wk and it wil be here in a month. i could buy in an aple store today.realy? 
aple please bring back the old siri ap for us old schol iphone 3 users! 
upgrading my ipad to ios5. when aple said it could take a couple of hours to instal and restore it, they weren't kiding. 
yeah, there's no aple twiter acount. 
pol:   q:should microsoft consider making its own hardware for windows like aple does? microsoft windows apl . 
pol:   q:should microsoft consider making its own hardware for windows like aple does? microsoft windows apl . 
atcustomercare at aple i already have an at wireles line. can i buy a factory unlocked iphone 4s with my contract? 
lol bet that android couldnt do that rt cejay3k: i promise this iphone ben at 1% batery for the last 3 hours. i se you aple. 
i promise this iphone ben at 1% batery for the last 3 hours. i se you aple. 
aple freaks is siri available for iphone 4 yet? 
iphone5 can you please make the batery last longer thanks aple 
hey aple next update can we get an emoji that's pointing the midle finger please? thanx! 
u know the aple company are giving out 50 ipads because steve jobs past away 
found out the hard way today that webex does not work with aple ios5 yet when you are folowing a link for a meting. 
rt shanmorthy: next year is going to be realy interesting in tech as gogle, ama on, facebok and aple vie for new growth areas . 
saw that aple is covered with msgs 4 steve jobs. nice to kno pl r stil saying thankyousteve 
iphone 4 s now reservation only, if you want to buy it in an aple store tomorow you have to reserve online after 9pm tonight 
aple must be launching a searchengine - iminent surely. aplesearch aplecore bigaple haha! please be the later 
fastcompany - the great tech war of 2012: aple, facebok, gogle, and ama on duking it out -   via adericks 
aple sold 4 milion iphone 4s units on first wekend - apletel:   iphone4s aple fb 
stevejobs : twiter overwhelmed by reaction to aple founder's death - telegraph   
aple please put the tab buton back in pages for ipad. that hold my finger down, wait for the insert tab, then touch that for the tab. smh 
aple shares hit new al-time intraday high:   win aple 
rt faithmcnaly: rhianarae hanging aple in tacoma listening to the beatles! 
rhianarae hanging aple in tacoma listening to the beatles! 
in front of the aple store. so many blue shirts i fel like i'm at a smurf reunion. iphone4s 
a must read article on fastcompany about aple, facebok, gogle, and ama on technology war in 2012   
cnbcfastmomey what price should i sel aple for 
hey aple, when did you hire therock to tighten the screws on the botom cases of your macbok pros? ouch nicehire 
stevejobs memorial at the leawod aple store.   
hey aple why is siri not available for the mac? 
new phone is aple, to bad im not going to get it til tomorow, dont fel like driving to the mal and g is on tonight! 
waiting for jacob fairview aple store 
rt djtrebel1: fail i gues aple didnt notify these clowns that the iphone5 isnst out yet.   
fail i gues aple didnt notify these clowns that the iphone5 isnst out yet.   
win an aple ipod touch from momy_gaga, get the pampers helo world baby memories ap!   pampersheloaps 
iphone 4s first wekend sales top four milion:   via aple themselves. big sales for the new phone. 
wiredinsider beautiful, yes. though it simply reminds me of aple's spining whel of death. clock, reinvented:   
dear aple: integrated tweting in ios5 rawks. pl  consider ading and lokup like twiter ap. thx!   
easiest way to use evernote with iphone 4s siri. just tel siri to email evernote and say your note. evernote aple evernote siri 
aple sels record 4m iphone4s phones in first 3 days! 
brady i am surprised aple did not think of/anticipate that. 
imesage is here wid ios5 rip bm cultofmac aple 
it's a god thing aple has not came out with an icar because i would be in line for one and im sure it would be expensive 
rt carlmilner: rt petapixel: iphone 4s vs canon 5d mark i - a side-by-side comparison of 1080p hd video:   &lt;&lt . 
the iphone update has segregated my contacts betwen iphone users and non-iphone users. they just had to cal out those non-users aple 
aple internode icloud ios5 piracy omg no wonder ive used al my downloads! 
aple iphone's & ipad's beautiful technology but altogether mainly a marketing platform. it's obscure is'nt it? aple lost it's touch. 
jarjarte aple that's realy god. makes you hapy to pay the infamous aple tax :) 
hal pas had me roling. aple be's lokin for nokie realy 
hanrahan52 aple don't say things you can't take back, joel. 
coatgal aple considering his circumstances - sufering faults on/of for long periods -they replaced his phone with a new as a godwil 
coatgal aple paul had a chat with an advisor explained the problem : cost £120 repair ! 
but wait for it , drumrol . . . . 
steve jobs tribute iphone 4s cases now available iphonecases 
URL 
stevejobstributecases 
ikaveri iamsrk aple 
coatgal had a realy interestng experience up in the aple store though, paul was with me up there, faulty iphone4 - but out of waranty 
aple apstore mac ios ipad siri wil siri be available for ipad 2? 
can this ho siri update your twets? c: aple iphone_news 
aple's suces is also gogle's gain as mobile advertising balons   
_alastair w/ respect, the old alternatives were talking to a computer in india or the gek squad. aple does a prety great job. 
jackiestone1 yes! tech peps talk so much about algorithms, but tech should always tie back to people. aple proves this imediasumit 
the great tech batle ft facebok ama on aple and more   via fastcompany 
another shrewd busines model move by ama on   roting for the dark horse in the facebok gogle aple war? tech 
rt aple sels 4 milion iphone 4s in 3 days   via reuters 
flowers & aples shower the santa monica aple store in honor of stevejobs   
is it me or blackbery is beging pl not to go aple iphone   
do people loved steve? check out this photo from aple store   
rt petapixel: iphone 4s vs canon 5d mark i - a side-by-side comparison of 1080p hd video:   &lt;&lt;aple wow! 
why aple so valuable, god analysis of trended profits, ios vs. microsoft: comparing the botom lines   via asymco 
audriev aple you can stil use mobileme webhosting (with or without iweb) after converting to icloud. 
URL stevejobs memorial aple boylston 
i am now the proud owner of aple tv thanks to big bro steveadie and family! 
rt robertoafelipe: aple predicts siri in 1987 in video, the video is staged for september 201   
head to our fb page for a link to the aple comunity suport page detailing how to turn of newstand auto renewal. 
 
URL 
aple y u run out of 64gb iphone!? now i have to setle for 32gb. saved 10$ though(: 
content 
aple is profiting a min of $40 per 4s. they sold 4 milion this wekend. that's another 1.6 bilion to aples cofers! worldrecesion? 
big mo: in one wek, aple icloud hits 20m users; 25m use ios 5   via cnet 
smart as hel. the great tech war of 2012.   fab four: aple gogle ama on facebok via kvox mustread 
learmonth cue improves imesage + engages aple content partners' customers beter   with social activity mesaging 
twiter returns a eror 50 when we try to post the link to aple suport comunity detailing how to turn of auto renewal subscriptions. 
rt kvox: smart as hel. the great tech war of 2012 (fmanjo / fastcompany)   fab four: aple gogle ama on fac . 
philipgrey aple it's kinda sad that's the most relevant twet i've sen today. or kinda awesome. i'm not sure. devproblems 
to bad i'm not an aple junkie. icloud aple ios5 
aple buried the ability to manage newstand subscriptions under ap store setings. this is inconvenient at best. 
smart as hel. the great tech war of 2012 (fmanjo / fastcompany)   fab four: aple gogle ama on facebok 
aple predicts siri in 1987 in video, the video is staged for september 201   
smh at itsthesituation for trying to cut in line for a 4s. cmon mayne if aple's cofounder stod in line then you are to. 
go big or go home aple users - here are some aps that make your 4s iphone "s-s-super"   via mashable - ms 
rt techamlet: thank you steve : a song created for steve jobs   via techamlet a rmusic aple stevejobs aple 
pkedrosky aple i am just waiting for my conf email from icloud. 
wheniwas14. aple registered the domain name   thus begining their plan for world domination 
thank you steve : a song created for steve jobs   via techamlet a rmusic aple stevejobs aple 
twiter bu  for best buy:   - rt acapelamedia oh: sales guy bestbuy: &quot;i'm not seling or using any aple p. 
anyone know why we can only read iboks on the iphone and ipad? any ideas how to read them on mac? aple 
why didn't aple provide 5gb per device for cloud backup? why just 5gb per acount? sily. 
new blog!   veri onwireles motorola gogle aple android droidbionic iphone4s 4glte 
over the wekend, aple sold more than 4,0,0 iphones. that’s about 16 iphones sold every second. 
how do you sync gmail contacts with your iphone? help please! aple gmail 
loving these names. "gogle chases aple with ice cream sandwich" -   mobile 
yes aple fix it also slow internet rt sprintfed: iphone 4s owners are you having trouble with siri conecting to internet? 
going to the aple store today to get this laptop situation figured out 
gulp.aple sels 4 milion iphone 4s in 3 days - yaho! finance   via yahofinance 
is aple's voice tech realy as impresive as the net thinks it is?   siri 
next year is going to be realy interesting in tech as gogle, ama on, facebok and aple vie for new growth areas   
rt rickholgate: packed sesion on aple and gogle at gartnersym. indicator of today's mindshare? 
packed sesion on aple and gogle at gartnersym. indicator of today's mindshare? 
this! rt denieb_15 👦👧👩👨👶👵👴👱👲👳👷💂👸👮. um why no black people❔❔❔aple 
👦👧👩👨👶👵👴👱👲👳👷💂👸👮. um why no black people❔❔❔aple 
to many companies don't have aple management- 60 sec vid-  entrepreneur startup scalecomputing pioniq 
bikervox mariomusolini ios_notch aple xd thats why i have a back up pc… just incase *hides gun* 
aple please provide suport for a bangla keyboard in ios. it would make the life of many bengali ios users easier! iphone 
aple sels 4 milion on the first wekend. samsung sold over 30 milion galaxy s i phones globaly. 
hey aple - ned more servers for siri trafic? i'm sure gogle can help you out with that. 
i wish someone would gift me an unlocked iphone 4s. iphone aple 
so aparently that's not the corect aple 
i love aple & i love my phone. but ever since this damn update my texts kep saying they're ful when there are none & that's a problem! 
opinion samsung ned to be careful in aple patents isues - it loks a lot like you 'learned' a lot by making their chips! 
now who can guarante that aple hd nothing 2 do with blackbery rim server failure?!days after, over 4milion iphone 4s sold in 3days!?! 
rt porter_anderson: "3 principal global players wil be active in every market.ama on, aple, & kobo." mikeshat kin   . 
rt bsdalton: aple underplayed the power of the ipad via mitchjoel &lt;yup socapac1 
ya ho! aple sels 4 milion iphone 4s in 3 days   (via news360ap) $apl 
aple underplayed the power of the ipad via mitchjoel &lt;yup socapac1 
3 principal global players wil be active in every market.ama on, aple, & kobo." mikeshat kin   dbw metacon 
dear invisible intern/asistant: please go pick up my computer from the aple hospital so i can upgrade to ios5. thanks! 
siri i could have done with out its not that great iphone4s i hear the iphone5 is coming out 2013 aple.inc 
wow. aple sold 4 milion iphone 4s in a single wekend.   
oh: sales guy bestbuy: "i'm not seling or using any aple products during my mourning period over job's pasing." hm. 
i wish my ipod had a feature, when it's on the dock to scrol the artist, album, and song title in huge font acros it. aple 
aple main ofice is nowplaying 
a mili - lil wayne. 
iphone4s ibm aple iphone4s. siri is not watson ibmwatson 
rt travisdomert: is leaving steve's photo on the aple home page what he would realy want? in his honor.let's get back to inovati . 
rt travisdomert:is leaving steve's photo on the aple home page what he would realy want? in his honor.let's get back to inov. 
is leaving steve's photo on the aple home page what he would realy want? in his honor.let's get back to inovation! eh, mark_newton? 
aple iphone sold more because its in more retail duh. also wo  is corect people dont want tech answer just simple child like ones ok! 
is at the aple store waiting for a porly imac to be sen by a genius. hopefuly this wil be painles. not to bad in here. 
aple: surely ios5 with it's integrated twiter would greatly benefit from moving the to at least the '123' keyboard page? simplethings 
iancolinsuk aple what's incredible, is that people stil buy into aple as world beater's.not true anymore. 
aple very disapointed hogwarts not choice on world clock on iphone 
great video aple 1987 predicting tablets & a form of siri at the end of this article rt jedsinger: (cont)   
ihs: iphone 4s shows key design and component changes.   aple aple iphome4s ios5 
ihs: iphone 4s shows key design and component changes.   aple aple iphome4s ios5 
ihs: iphone 4s shows key design and component changes.   aple aple iphome4s ios5 
ihs: iphone 4s shows key design and component changes.   aple aple iphome4s ios5 
rt iancolinsuk: aple have just anounced they sold 4 milion phones this wekend. incredible. that recesion continues to bite aple . 
great post on the upcoming great tech wars of 2012! ama on aple gogle facebok   via cbilich 
rt iancolinsuk: aple have just anounced they sold 4 milion phones this wekend. incredible. that recesion continues to bite aple 
aple have just anounced they sold 4 milion phones this wekend. incredible. that recesion continues to bite aple recesion 
rt jldavid: iphone 4s first wekend sales top four milion:   (via aple) 
rt talkyo_ish: dear aple can we get some afro-american emoticons? -management 
breakingnews gi modo reports: aple iphone 4s sold over $4 milion over the wekend! truestory 
   
iphone 4s first wekend sales top four milion:   (via aple) 
video: siri also gets angry.   chrisvos aple aple siri iphone4s ai 
video: siri also gets angry.   chrisvos aple aple siri iphone4s ai 
video: siri also gets angry.   chrisvos aple aple siri iphone4s ai 
video: siri also gets angry.   chrisvos aple aple siri iphone4s ai 
bxlewi1 hey.do you know why aple hasn't aded 4g suport yet? sems like an od omision for such an advanced device. 
realy aple and at - removing the 3g/edge switch on ios 5? you do reali e that you work on the 3g network in places often, right? 
aple sold four milion iphone 4s's in the first wekend:   (via aple) phonerecord twiceiphone4sales 
iphone 4s 8mp camera : it´s a sony.   sony aple aple iphone4s cameras 
iphone 4s 8mp camera : it´s a sony.   sony aple aple iphone4s cameras 
iphone 4s 8mp camera : it´s a sony.   sony aple aple iphone4s cameras 
iphone 4s 8mp camera : it´s a sony.   sony aple aple iphone4s cameras 
bestbuy or aple to purchase my imac, ipad, and printer? studentdiscounts? 
iphone 4s: setup siri for your twets.   aple aple iphone siri 
iphone 4s: setup siri for your twets.   aple aple iphone siri 
iphone 4s: setup siri for your twets.   aple aple iphone siri 
iphone 4s: setup siri for your twets.   aple aple iphone siri 
ever since i cleaned my mighty mouse bal with alcohol to get it roling again, any time i click the bal it acts like a left click. aple 
aple so why is siri only available on the iphone 4s ? -   
lol and what do those lok like? rt talkyo_ish: dear aple can we get some afro-american emoticons? -management 
col aple / steve jobs infographic   mickh87 - timeline history 
talking aple keynotes over lunch with yuvalariav. chalenged him to check something out ;-) 
does the iphone4s no longer have that stupid 'network lost' pop up - posibly the most anoying thing ever that you canot turn of aple ? 
steve's last design is aparently the aple aple iphone 5 |   
ok aple your acesories policy is out of hand. i ned a powered line in to use the mic? are you kiding me? 
a court in sydney baned the sale of samsung 's galaxy tab in australia over intelectual property infringement claims by aple ip_wars 
aple received 1m pre-orders in a single day for its new iphone 4s consumer_demand steve_jobs 
aple can you get your iphone to stop vibrating when you get a text? 
momy_gaga, win an aple ipod touch and get the pampers helo world baby memories ap!   pampersheloaps 
siri on aple iphone4s can alow unauthori ed aces to texts and emails, even when the phone is locked!   
if you sign up for iclould, wil you also get irain? aple icloud. 
aple not likely to win apstore suit case against ama on   
say no to 1,0 things. what are you saying "no" to? 7 rules of suces from steve jobs of aple prodmgmt management inovation 
ok it is back iphone aple 
cat acusing tiger for roaring samsung on aple 
aple and nintendo ned to partner up for the ap store 
aple stuck it to ama on when it unveiled icloud, showing that the placement of 'i' before the name of even a failed efort yields suces 
nascarwriter right where i left it last wek. iphone4s aple aple   
paulbentleymelb aple i think they cal that profit-making 'genius' 
what's up with aple stock going up after stevejobs death? aple aplestock 
aple neds to take down the steve jobs tribute and get back to promoting the brand - put the cloud on the front page and start explaining 
this is beter than *every* maga ine having their own ap! eatmaga ine aple suports maga ines. ipad upgrade ads "newstand" ap 
twalve to busy having slapy hisy-fits with samsung? aple 
fregon el nuevo facebok para ipod/iphone haha alomejor ya tiene rato pero yo lo acabo de actuali ar aple 
rt marcmonster: siri keps trying to send me to escort services.is that legal? aple 
siri keps trying to send me to escort services.is that legal? aple 
watching igenius on discovery. based on first 13 minutes, aple never should have gone public in 1980. 
ok, so it was a lion and not a leopard. to much upgrading this wekend. aple 
virgojud81 wel maybe if you would set ya aple products to send push notifications it would go through. 
aple's siri is great but gogle android always had that functionality youtu.be/gbyvu0 5s justsaying 
win an aple ipod touch from momy_gaga, get the pampers helo world baby memories ap!   pampersheloaps 
hm it sems i should have checked the identity of aple first… 
aple out of respect, i realy do think the aple logo should be revised to the one you have no doubt sen…   
win an aple ipod touch from momy_gaga, get the pampers helo world baby memories ap!   pampersheloaps 
bothelk did you know the first aple home computer to use a mouse was caled 'the lisa' ? 
what? are we not buying enough ipads already aple ? give us a break while we learn to cope with a post steve aple   
aple neds to give me a contract deal i get them new customers al the time teamiphone 
htc vs aple who wining 
steve jobs biopic coming son - aple aple stevejobs   
jhodmartin rolandsmartin yes salute to steve jobs and aple. i'm tweting and you are watching on the ipad. let's go schaub time to lead 
wow dogs! 
 
aple w/star earlier - upstairs in the huge soho store and al of a suden she sprung to atention.   
digital x worldwide | today is steve jobs day in california aple   
watching cotmtulsa webcast on joseph from my ipad on my aple tv. i love technology.   
comparing the aple & blackbery aps/interfaces, can anyone imagine how blackbery could have done worse? sadrealy 
waiting patiently for me at the aple store. badog420   
fundingroadmap aple also knowing that this is no ending   
siri wasn't able to help me find the g-spot.bush league aple 
aple macbok air. satiliktir. 
rt porter_anderson: "3 principal global players wil be active in every market.ama on, aple, & kobo." fbf1 publaunch mikeshat . 
aple   via donorschose 
i just told my aple 4s she was a stupid bitch and her reply was if you insist lol 
why can't i check just notes (without mail) on lion for icloud like i do on the ios devices aple ? 
you ned to ask siri her favorite color and the average sped of an unladen swalow. sems someone aple is a monty python fan 
3 principal global players wil be active in every market.ama on, aple, & kobo." fbf1 publaunch mikeshat kin   
if i was aple, i'd publicly denounce and file suit against nuance. then buy 'em on the cheap. siri 
novatyler i lost a lot that i paid for aple wordswfriends etc! nothapy oh wel, pop hapens 
the folks at aple are awesome! so glad i a mactard 
waiting at end of 20 person line after checking in on time for my "genius bar" apt. aple store.i do not find this system "genius" fail 
while the improvements in aple mac os 10.7 lion are great, the ful-scren implementation on 2 monitors is broken. 
mcp1 aple apstore why are you asking us? aple don't read mesages on twiter. and aple aren't aple either 
nansen aple i have not heard of that. huby had no problems- i have not done it yet. 
rt terystorch: with twiter and aple partnership, would be great if sms from 40404 to ios devices would use imesage. 
dear aple can i stil use iweb for my mobileme website if i convert to icloud with my aple id for mail and ical? help dtv thanks! 
california governor jerybrown declares today stevejobsday in his state. music video tribute   mashable cnet aple 
lmao rt robynheart : he asked siri where's the hoes at & she told him where the nearest escorts were i love aple 
aple, why do you have such a bef with windows? cantwealjustgetalong 
he asked siri where's the hoes at & she told him where the nearest escorts were i love aple 
what's up twitpeps? how's every aple user liking ios 5? 
“42hermy: redclay81 now that were done prasing aple 's ios5 
 
everyone go subscribe to notsosuperpro! shamleselfpromotion” 
rt 42hermy: redclay81 now that were done prasing aple 's ios5 
 
everyone go subscribe to notsosuperpro! shamleselfpromotion 
redclay81 now that were done prasing aple 's ios5 
 
everyone go subscribe to notsosuperpro! shamleselfpromotion 
on that aple shit hard, change my twiter name to _ifynest 
i want siri on my iphone4 ! aple 
so aple the new imesage is great and al, but is there a way to default to sms when i'm not on wifi? i have limited data. 
right. migrate from older mbp to imac using ethernet not firewire. thanks drew for saving me some $. aple   
dear aple, yesterday you sucked. today you're awesome! thanks lp aple store, crash and burn mich ave store. 
aple store towson waiting at genius bar - huge crowd waiting for iphone 4s michaelmark nicolelil   
aple's steve jobs gets his day | pcworld   
back to the future 2 where aple didn't even have iphone 
why didn't aple merge the adres and search bars in safari ala crome in ios 5? simplethings 
redclay81 wel then! 
 
p.s. did you respond so fast because of aple 's ios5 ? 
adityasod aple quora i totaly agre, was talking w/friends about that yesterday. siri everywhere! 
how much do aple’s factories cost? | asymco   
aple hits samsung in court again -   
mvm549 wel, if it told you what you did to it or how it hapened, it would be concrete evidence that aple is loging your life. :l 
u pick camera&iphone4s orcamera&ipad2? aple 
aple, y u no let me pre-order iphone 4s? 
bloger loves aple iphone. my blogpost finaly done through iphone aps. 
can someone explain to me how the hel imesage difers from a text mesage? aple fb 
can someone explain to me how the hel imesage difers from a text mesage? aple 
aple, fel fre to acidently ship me a new iphone 4s nobigdeal 
aple i asked siri 'if she swalowed' she relied 'lets se' - wtf do i do now? wank over my phone? 
win an aple ipod touch from momy_gaga, get the pampers helo world baby memories ap!   pampersheloaps 
aple how much is the student discount on the macbok air in canada? your reps have said both $50 and $10. which is it? thanks! laptop 
aple apstore ihelpline when r u going to provide the ability to pasword protect ipad email? 
has the new ios5 changed the way the ipad charges? i've noticed i can charge from my laptop & iphone charger now toptwets bclick aple 
you know what would be awesome? if qvc sold aple ipads on easy pay. yesplease 
thanks aple my girlfriend likes siri more than me now. 
aple store dude "i hear an acent where ru from?" me "no from ct, but ur not 1st 2 tel me that" dude "maybe its.   
spechtrans   on aple ap store listed as the best bi-directional spech to spech translator - posts on twiter 
coldstorage haven't had a chance to check out the android overhaul but eboks are likely a response to aple newstand baked into ios5 
aple no siri suport for canada sucks siri but loving the new iphone upgrade from my 3gs iphone4s 
awesome documentary about how aple was created. stevejobs aple aple   
ops! aparently aple is some handle-squater. twetbarasment. 
this video brought a smal tear to my eye   watch to stevewo  opinion of stevejobs and aple 
this reader buton for safari is perfect for fic aple ios5 stevejobsday 
macbok pros constrained, new models apear in aple’s inventory system aple macbokpro.   
a great iphone 4s review engadget iphone aple   
aple give siri back! 
rt dutchpuberlife i want whatsap for ipod touch! apstore aple 
aple has lunched its new os: iso 5 
bouquet for jobs aple store nagoya   
new ios5 notification center is a big improvement, but aple mised an easy trick by not making it fuly available on lock scren. 
aple   
the batle of voice controled ai platforms. if they were mobile os ind - same q's as in ie antitrust case in eu? vlingo v gogle v aple 
spechtrans   on aple ap store listed as the best bi-directional spech to spech translator - posts on twiter 
win an aple ipod touch from momy_gaga, get the pampers helo world baby memories ap!   pampersheloaps 
or hide it. rt lucasblack: dear aple.re: newstand. don't advertise maga ines for fre:they're not fre.also,alow us to remove the ap. 
win an aple ipod touch from momy_gaga, get the pampers helo world baby memories ap!   pampersheloaps ends10/21 
momy_gaga win an aple ipod touch momy_gaga, get the pampers helo world baby memories ap!   pampersheloaps 
i have to change my homepage from aple. steve jobs loks like an owl 
msantram i want aple to integrate siri with quora. 
misthang2u nope they wouldn't even let me & my mom switch aple she has an upgrade mine isn't do til march 
aple ios5 is al wel and god and has nice new features, but i'm stil waiting on an ap that wil go to work for me. 
as tribute to steve aple, i'd consider renaming siri to steve - he'l get your jobs done! forever remembered for his legacy. 
can't wait for spotify and aple to integrate with siri. 
rjpitman why you won't use your aple acount. 
i hope aple wil release an ap for siri for us non-aple 4s users. aple iphone siri 
strange, i canot put my newstand ap into any group. aple wants to be our new paperboy ios iphone 
in case you were curious like me. iphone 4s: which aple iphone is best for price, features?   aple healthit ehr 
leme just say ios5 is mad col but it neds a lot of bug fixes aple 
i don't get it. instead of aple droping the 16gb iphone 4 down to $9, they release an 8gb one for $9? 
dear aple imesage client for desktop please :) 
siri is kinda slow, tho impresed it got my acent and comands first time out. aple 
why doesn't the genius have songs for watch the throne yet? huh? aple ? 
win an aple ipod touch from momy_gaga, get the pampers helo world baby memories ap!   pampersheloaps" 
spechtrans   on aple ap store listed as the best bi-directional spech to spech translator - posts on twiter 
blackbery -vs- aple iphone? 
at aple hq 
our trip to sf and silicon valey is about to end. visit aple hq is one of the final stops.   
iphone4s in space   via youtube 
 
nasa aple 
rt stalkertard: hey aple, how about if iphone4s = "iphone 4 steve" and you donate a smal portion of the proceds towards cancer rese . 
win an aple ipod touch from momy_gaga, get the pampers helo world baby memories ap!   pampersheloaps" 
do wish hudl would come up with a native aple mac version of their video editor especialy with hd video. but love everything hudl 
_courtneytaylor aple did you get a 4s? 
aple should make siri avalible for al devices not exclusive to the iphone 4s 
stil a line aple store hilsdale mal 9402   
aple   
aple why do you have a volume control in the fast ap switcher!? butons. volume butons. you have them. give me a brightnes slider! wtf 
prof that my dad loves my sis more. rt anacorine16 woke up to my dad at my dor w my new iphone. he surprised me & went to aple! 
to many iphones. aple dcoult firstworldproblems   
dear aple, as a hoh/deaf user, can you please ad options for stronger and longer vibrate for iphone4s ? thank you! hoh deaf aly 
at the genius bar. waiting aple store 
no kiding “thejaberwockey: also ericgrenspan, don't forget aple stop closing the ap store after each blody purchase.” 
so, what is behind that giant silver dor at the aple store? maclife 
robcolingridge aple gogle and with a url that works   
robcolingridge aple gogle ben loking at samsung chaton tonight, very promising. integrated with key aps   
thejcurt unlocking it at aple store. rip, mr. jobs. 
siri is col but more importantly handy and funy. aple please configure it for canada. what's with the racism, eh? 
ios5 neded to include a landscape mode for reminders aple 
de la nada mi iphone4 se fue a negro y empe ó a vibrar, hubo que resetearlo, que onda con ios5 wtfh aple 
URL line at aple northpark dalas mal. 4gsiphone 
davidcohen sounds like 2nd day strategy isn't working. we got ours yesterday - in and out in no time. aple staf awesome/eficient! 
sprint is slow, slow, slow. beware when signing with slowsprint. aple iphone iphone4 iphone4s siri android thebuferingnetwork 
waiting on line aple store at west 14th stret. 
in honor of steve jobs. aple ripsteve   
when is aple gona update the fact that i can't se emoji on twiter for mac? 
rt ajrogers purdie rogers tribute to stevejobs and aple. we spray painted the macintosh plus w.   
rt ajrogers purdie rogers tribute to stevejobs and aple. we spray painted the macintosh plus w.   
aple so why is the ios suport for 2nd gen ipods discontinued? it is only 3 years old? give us an ios update please! 
just had a lok on ebay for iphone 4s and some have 13,16,24 bids at wel over £50 some £530 (16gb white) , they are £49 delivered aple 
saturdaycute: shit that siri says. aple designers knew what people were going to ask the new digital asistant.   
thatstevegray done that budy, just surprised that there's no option from aple & if you turn it back on it brings back the pics u delete 
spechtrans   on aple ap store listed as the best bi-directional spech to spech translator - posts on twiter 
so aple changed the lok of their on/of togle. i wonder how long it wil take for al the hip web aps to folow. 
i want everybody on earth to imesage me. is there anyway the world can imesage me without giving them my phone number? aple 
rt mymelange: wal to wal people, security and a huge line outside just to get in the aple store.   
whoa! line at aple store in glendale for iphone 4s   
folow me and i folow you! ios5 fansoflilwayne folow aple 
salesperson at soho aple store "it doesn't mater how many people are lined up out front. they're not gona get one" iphone4s 
aple and i'm loking at the outside & al you se is sticky notes about steve jobs 
samsung and aple never rest as they batle in court yet again over tablets.(not the pils) 
iphone update is great but seriously aple let me delete stuf i dont want like gamecenter. steve wont mind. 
rjakesuk mine is past the waranty and i don't have aplecare. ios5 aple 
if aple could put the usb female conector in cars would be dope 
what do we have to do to get flash on ipad? aple please please please change your mind. thank you in advance! kusi_sk peternemcok 
ireton perhaps it's time for aple to come out with an ap caled isuck that lets you know which aps are kiling your batery life 
20 min line aple store short pump. 
lol aple suport playing mary j blige during the wait time. 
rt themacmob: sprint, veri on & at&t aple stores   
xwordy icloud was new; i didn't ned weather or stocks but they were there pre ios5 so i'm not hopeful that this wil help aple 
thinking more, i want android to do an imesage service & for gogle & aple to interconect. they would if the cared about their users. 
aple in austin: domain location - umbrelas are nice but being stafed properly would be beter. 
bored - ned a new intriguing ap for my ipad. any sugestions? aple yc gadget_guy 
kepnupwitboyd apstore itunesmusic they fixed a bug thursday after i had done my update? thus my isue, spent fri aple ios5 
and aple i stil have an old mbp from 206 which i use - which can't run lion, i stil like to sync it! 
molifer26 aple when we find people standing in the midle of blod-soaked roms saying, "siri told me to?" norealyihearvoices 
.now with siri were talking to our iphones. how wil we ever know if people are realy truly cra y? :p 
iphone4s siri aple aple 
notleifgaret aple you'l be able to aford that mansion one day. 
fabi_m not that i know of. i think it is only on ios, should get aple to make a desktop ap :) 
notleifgaret aple wished their on hold music played "pictures of you". 
realestateguywi al about yesterday's aple upgrade. helpful but madening 
after being on hold with aple for the last 30 mins, i realy like their music selection of on-hold music. white stripes, ray lamontagne. 
win an aple ipod touch from momy_gaga, get the pampers helo world baby memories ap!   pampersheloaps" 
vlingo is a por substitute for siri! yo aple, gimie siri! 
aple scraple. (: 
tvnewschick aple oh no! why not?! i want it to be love-love-love! it's a lot of dough to spend otherwise. 
one of the great entrepreneurs has died. steve jobs has pased away. our hearts go out to his family and everyone at aple 
fashionoguilt haha! tomorow should be les hectic to! 'cause everyone and their moms was at the aple store today! ;] 
on gogle+ then go here   gplus gogleplus gogle teamfolowback socialnetwork 
who else is on g+ ? ad for ad? let me know. tfb taf gogle+ 
have anyone of you found a twiter to gogle+ tol? gogle twiter 
gogle unveils next iteration of android - icecreamsandwich - with several revamps incl facial recognition security   
gogle ofers to compete with groupon, living social - pitsburgh post-ga ete   gogle 
what does it take to get a job at gogle? recruiting   
samsung galaxy nexus, android ice cream sandwich unveiled   android gogle samsung 
URL gogle 
gogle ice cream sandwich (android 4.0): a hands-on screnshot galery   
now it's time for some ice cream sandwich! samsung launched it's latest android galaxy nexus phone powered by gogle 
in the theater . there are are a god 30 pl here. guae gogle dubai   
android gogle samsung galaxy nexus oficial hands-on [video]   dhilipsiva 
rt neowinfed: android 4.0 ice cream sandwich anouncement round-up android gogle   neowin 
rt ipadpowerusers on gogle+ then go here   gplus gogleplus gogle teamfolowback socialnetwork 
did facebok just beat gogle at its own game?   socialmedia 
did facebok just beat gogle at its own game?   socialmedia 
gogle says ics is coming to the nexus s and “theoreticaly” should work with 2.3 devices   
unwraping ice cream sandwich on the galaxy nexus   gogle 
bitch please your vagina has ben used more than gogle . 
gogle icecreamsandwich debuts as iphone sets record: tech.   
rt aljonkar: the new samsung galaxy nexus. 
 
URL 
 
android 
samsung 
gogle 
wow 
 
c kha1989led 
eisahmad" 
gogle search to have default encryption   
gogle-   
gogle defaults to encrypted htps searches for loged in users gogle   
samsung & gogle unveil latest android phone using icecreamsandwich   
rt webseoanalytics: seo tip:gogle considers the first lines of the page important.put menu,headers+important text on top. gogle 
weirdosrunshit lol gogle 
tando_m nonimsi sory to but in but there is one :) i can't remember what it's caled though. gogle 
android gogle android 4.0 ice cream sandwich sdk now available for download   dhilipsiva 
gmusic unites gogle music with aple ios [aps]   republished 
seo tip:gogle considers the first lines of the page important.put menu,headers+important text on top. gogle 
on gogle+ then go here   gplus gogleplus gogle teamfolowback socialnetwork 
seotips to find out what web pages of your website are indexed by gogle simply gogle -&gt; site:  
rt infograhpic: the perks of working at gogle, facebok, twiter and more [infographic]   mediatip 
android gogle ice cream sandwich is finaly oficial, and here's what to expect   dhilipsiva 
empire avenue. the social stock market. what is your online activity worth?   twiter facebok gogle+ socialmedia 
rt neowinfed: gogle shows of new ice cream sandwich features gogle android   neowin 
the perks of working at gogle, facebok, twiter and more [infographic]   sm socialmedia.   
gogle to begin encrypting searches & outbound clicks by default with sl search -   
rt glaralope : the perks of working at gogle, facebok, twiter and more [infographic]   sm socialmedia redes . 
seo serps balmer: 70% of the time, gogle & bing are the same, so try bing! by danysulivan   gogle yaho bing 
unwraping ice cream sandwich on the galaxy nexus: (cros-posted on the oficial gogle blog)bea.   gogle mobile 
gmusic unites gogle music with aple ios [aps]   
gmusic unites gogle music with aple ios [aps]   
the perks of working at gogle, facebok, twiter and more [infographic]   sm socialmedia redesociales 
twiter and gogle 'just can't agre' on realtime search deal - computerworld :   av 
gogle to begin encrypting searches & outbound clicks by default with sl search   gogle search 
who are the top folks on gogle+? se this tag cloud:   via 
jowyang" 
gogle unveils what's new in android 4 'ice cream sandwich'   
gogle me if u dnt understand me Ơ̴̴͡.̮Ơ̴̴̴͡ 
is gogle flight search a threat to the ota and travel meta search market in india? check-   news 
atentionspan i don't think the link you posted sugests that gogle+ trafic is in downward spiral, just corected for novelty 
so, gi modo techcrunch - answer the question we realy want to know - ics + nexus vs. iphone 4s? gogle aple 
thatsdisrespectful like using gogle to search for bing 
samsung galaxy nexus smartphone, android 4.0 ice cream sandwich unveiled by gogle…   bt 
galaxy nexus vs iphone 4s: which smartphone wins?   via productreviews galaxynexus iphone4s gogle aple ics 
samsung, gogle unveil phone   
gogle" 
seo tip:make sure that your important keywords have high keyword density in your pages gogle bing yaho 
android ice cream sandwich is out! android gogle 
android ice cream sandwich and galaxy nexus: everything you ned to know -   gogle 
new gogle nexus -&gt;   
gogle docs updates presentations with real-time colaboration, new themes, transitions and more [updates]   
gogle adsense tols   adsense gogle tols 
rt localjost: ics" puting people at the heart"? you have got to be joking gogle. now even copying slogans? ah i get it, those are . 
extra care. "thegoglegek: gogle encrypted search for loged-in users   gogle" 
gogle docs presentations get real-time colaboration, transition efects and more: gogle…   
online music industry is witnesing the astounding revolution. can gogle manage to seal the supreme console?   
online music industry is witnesing the astounding revolution. can gogle manage to seal the supreme console?   
on gogle+ then go here   gplus gogleplus gogle teamfolowback socialnetwork 
online music industry is witnesing the astounding revolution. can gogle manage to seal the supreme console?   
your face unlocks the phone, as facial recognition replaces a traditional pas code. gogle nexus prime smartphone 
android 4.0 ice cream sandwich anouncement round-up android gogle   
android: this is the samsung galaxy nexus, gogle's new oficial android phone(via gi modo) - the.   
android 4.0 ice cream sandwich anouncement round-up android gogle   
android 4.0 ice cream sandwich anouncement round-up android gogle   
android 4.0 ice cream sandwich anouncement round-up android gogle   neowin 
lol gogle   
android gogle the galaxy nexus' system aps have ben dumped   dhilipsiva 
gogle has made search more secure, this change encrypts your search queries and gogle's result pages. read more:   
android 4.0 os ice cream sandwich and the galaxy nexus is out.sems that smartphones are named by hungry developers gogle+ 
anyone sen this? if your brand neds to track seo keyword landing through to a conversion, wel gogle just caped …  
rt whymicrosoft: gogle’s ad revenue for q3 was 96% of total revenue. so, are gogle customers the comodity being sold to advertisers? 
ice cream sandwich arives   gogle icecream android samsung 
it's in the curve baby   gogle nexus android samsung 
is gogle planing to launch its own itunes rival? - the times of india   gogle 
android gogle we saw ice cream sandwich on a phone, but what about a tablet?   dhilipsiva 
seo tip:in multilang sites create folders for each lang.submit the urls in gogle webmaster tols+use geographictarget 
going in with mikedun one of the chosenfewdjs al in with chicago housemusic! might want to gogle him! 
gogle releases 50 new features for presentations in gogledocs   
balmer: 70% of the time, gogle & bing are the same, so try bing!:   
recap: gogle wil host g-south africa in jhb on 3rd and 4th november.   gogle 
believe it or not political proces is changing acros al countries. thanks to new social media facebok , twiter, gogle+ 
gogle ice cream sandwich (android 4.0): a hands_on screnshot galery   via engadget 
logitech revue companion box with gogle tv and keyboard controler by logitech gogle tvbox via ama on   
gogle ice cream sandwich (android 4.0): a hands_on screnshot galery   
gogle anounces nfc-based android beam for sharing betwen phones 
if you ned to modify your payment details that are on your phone for the android market, go here:   gogle 
seo backlinks gogle index fre tol   
samsung galaxy nexus, gogle android 4.0 live blog :   android gogle mobile news 
android gogle ice cream sandwich feature closer lok - resi able widgets, folders, multitasking, and.   dhilipsiva 
gogle encrypting search for signed-in users   encryption gogle search secure 
gogle android icecreamsandwich features -   ics 
on gogle+ then go here   gplus gogleplus gogle teamfolowback socialnetwork 
ics" puting people at the heart"? you have got to be joking gogle. now even copying slogans? ah i get it, those are not patented ;) 
the new samsung galaxy nexus. 
 
URL 
 
android 
samsung 
gogle 
wow 
 
c kha1989led 
eisahmad" 
gogle and samsung unveil galaxy nexus, android 4 at event:   | ctia hong kong conference environments 
new solar plant sen on i-15 on the way to vegas, invested in by gogle.   rt eco gogle solar grenpower 
seo tip:meta nofolowed or robots.txt blocked pages do receive pagerank juice when they get links. gogle 
what is ice cream sandwich? -   gogle 
rt /ipadpowerusers-on gogle+ then go here   gplus gogleplus gogle teamfolowback socialnetwork 
rt magadget: fight: galaxy nexus vs. droid ra r vs. iphone 4s   android iphone gogle 
rt  dnet: gogle steps up its privacy game & launches search encryption godtoknow privacy & personal data control   
rt ipadpowerusers on gogle+ then go here   gplus gogleplus gogle teamfolowback socialnetwork 
loribolive like many from degrasi (: gogle her ! 
and here's the run-down on android4.0 aka icecreamsandwich   gogle 
here's what we know about the galaxynexus   gogle android 
tips to make gogle always crawl your website   
do the crep ah jokeaholic_p and amiraldewick gogle+dates 
rt xenophin: samsung and gogle's ice cream sandwich event is at 3am uk time. waking up to a lot of news then . nonusatime onel . 
wait. since when does puting honeycomb and gingerbread together make ice cream sandwich? gogle . 
android gogle samsung galaxy nexus coming son to thre uk   dhilipsiva 
android gogle nexus s geting ice cream sandwich, os “theoreticaly” should work on any android.   dhilipsiva 
wilko_lr "gogle to launch itunes and spotify rival?   ned to start using gogle+ 
gogle to stop giving referal data - by moving to sl?   
how to use gogle alerts to.   seo search gogle hack sem it busines web marketing online yes hot wining 
samsung galaxy nexus vs. galaxy s i, nexus one and nexus s (macro hands-on)   gogle nexus 
“rianru: gogle представит новую версию android 4.0   
 
vfacebok" 
rt ipadpowerusers on gogle+ then go here   gplus gogleplus gogle teamfolowback… 
seo tip: javascript can be a friend +an enemy.use it wisely to block the content u want gogle bing yaho 
on gogle+ then go here   gplus gogleplus gogle teamfolowback socialnetwork 
quick hands on galaxy nexus by samsung gogle android ics 4 icecreamsandwich   
gogle nexusprime spec shet:   android mobile 
why not send a gogle card this christmas?   xmas gogle squido 
gogle and samsung reveal the nexusprime runing the icecreamsandwich.mobile android 
gogle confirms nexus s wil get ice_cream_sandwich - for real this time (gingerbread devices, to)   
samsung, gogle android 4 reveal: live event blog by engadet   
rt bleublancrouge_: surprising !gogle's management isn't using gogle+ :   degusta 
android gogle ice cream sandwich new features not mentioned during webcast   dhilipsiva 
android gogle ice cream sandwich ui enhancements – a new spin on android   dhilipsiva 
ice cream sandwitch comes alive today android gogle 
rt tatn: gogle, samsung unveil ice cream sandwich-powered galaxy nexus   via cnet android 
android gogle texas instruments: “it’s not the number of cores, it’s sophistication”   dhilipsiva 
android gogle android beam finaly makes nfc social   dhilipsiva 
android gogle texas instruments confirms galaxy nexus has newer omap460 procesor   dhilipsiva 
the competition: gogle introduces android 4.0 ice cream sandwich and the galaxy nexus   
android gogle video: gogle’s nexus site updated with new device and ics features   dhilipsiva 
i would also like ice cream sandwich on my phone gogle android   
gogle unwraping ice cream sandwich on the galaxy nexus   
rt raovalab: how gogle ventures choses which startups get its $20 milion   via mashbusines mashable 
rt stuartmiles:   via pocketlint moto gogle android 
rt androidtopnews: nexus prime rumored to be released on nov. 3   news gogle ice_cream_sandwich ics nexus_prime 
samsung galaxy nexus & android 4.0 quick specs -   galaxynexus android ics samsung gogle 
android 4.0 sdk now available gogle android   
rt webseoanalytics: the most important kpis in gogle analytics:   marketing webmaster 
it's not gogle vs aple. it is aple & gogle vs the old way - gigaom   gogle 
rt tecbu : gogle steps up its privacy game, launches god to know   gogle 
android gogle what’s new in ice cream sandwich android 4.0   dhilipsiva 
android gogle galaxy nexus   dhilipsiva 
hm, gogle i realy ned a new phone. please release the galaxy nexus asap! android gogle 
the most important kpis in gogle analytics:   marketing webmaster 
gogle confirms that the nexus s wil actualy get the ice cream sandwich update. 
URL - android 4.0 sdk now available gogle android URL 
rt theunlockr: nexus s wil get ice-cream sandwich to - gogle -   android samsung ics 
treyratclif congrats on making it to the gogle android 4.0 demo :)   icecreamsandwich 
is it bad if i just want it because its caled the icecreamsandwich ?  android sansung gogle 
nexus s wil get ice-cream sandwich to - gogle -   android samsung ics 
android gogle android 4.0 ice cream sandwich – al new core aplications overview   dhilipsiva 
android gogle new ui and core features in android 4.0 ice cream sandwich overview   dhilipsiva 
android gogle android 4.0 ice cream sandwich has hardware aceleration   dhilipsiva 
android gogle ice cream sandwich feature closer lok - redesigned lock scren and virtual buton bar   dhilipsiva 
rt androidheadline thre uk to cary the samsung galaxy nexus   android samsung uk telecom bi news gogle news 
rt bytenow: the next pure gogle phone is the galaxy nexus by samsung. it's fast and has a nice scren -   
the next pure gogle phone is the galaxy nexus by samsung. it's fast and has a nice scren -   
on gogle+ then go here   gplus gogleplus gogle teamfolowback socialnetwork 
so society network gogle empowerment   notes facebok should not be taken lightly 
like to get my hands on an ice cream sandwich android gogle 
gogle unwraping ice cream sandwich on the galaxy nexus   
android gogle htc on ics: 'reviewing its features and functionality to determine our upgrade plans'   dhilipsiva 
htc on ics: 'reviewing its features and functionality to determine our upgrade plans'   android gogle 
rt stephanie ogrh samsung, gogle unveil latest android os, phone - pcworld   android samsung aple gogle tech 
rohit_bmw rohit, thanks for being part of my gogle+ network! 
ice cream sandwich is out!   android ios ics gogle 
rt bu it: bu .: gogle walet introduction video   gogle walet 
gogle encrypts searches:   gogle 
samsung, gogle unveil latest android os, phone - pcworld gogle 
samsung galaxy nexus to launch on thre of uk   talkandroid gogle networkspecs ntdocomo 
great mision : ice cream sandwich, gogle mision was to build a mobile os that works on both phones and tablets 
rt lcashdol: to bad gogle didn't have a tribute graphic for denisritchie. 
like traditional vc firms, gogle ventures makes its investment decisions solely . gogle ventures spencer   
noarchive is used to restrict search engines from saving a cached copy of the page gogle 
gogle to begin defaulting loged-in users to secure search: acording to a blog post by…   
gogle walet now suported by seven new retailers [video]   via bgr 
wow that ambercole video hit gogle! i'm done haha. 
rt acesnetworks: we're waiting patiently for gogle+ busines pages. anyone else wanting to jump on board? avtweps gogle+ htp:/ . 
rt marcdaley: samsung gogle anounce new phone and then the aple aplestore goes down. 
 
a litle strange or am i reading to much ." 
galaxy nexus promotion video   samsung gogle android ics smartphone 
android gogle ice cream sandwich oficial video   dhilipsiva 
gogle releases 50 new features for presentations in gogle docs: gogle is roling out a s.   gogle+ gogleplus 
my next phone samsung galaxy nexus. ice cream sandwich 4.0. android gogle   
ice cream sandwich android: icecreamsandwichandroid ice cream sandwich android   gogle youtube 
rt fucktec: gogle confirms nexus s wil get ice_cream_sandwich - for real this time (gingerbread devices, to)   
i'm not a windows phone fan, but i'm a metro ui fan, which, imo, has ben fortunately (or sadly) copied by gogle into ics. 
rt lcmediahouse: gogle vs facebok: get the whole picture for your marketing   socialmedia 
i have ben watching captain american movie i wil give you what i think of gogle ice cream sandwich going to watch it now 
gogle galaxy nexus intro video samsung ics android 4   
samsung galaxy nexus hands-on (video)   mobile android4 galaxynexus gogle 
samsung gogle anounce new phone and then the aple aplestore goes down. 
 
a litle strange or am i reading to much into this?" 
fight: galaxy nexus vs. droid ra r vs. iphone 4s   android iphone gogle 
unwraping ice cream sandwich on the galaxy nexus: (cros-posted on the gogle mobile blog) 
beaming a vi.   gogle" 
gogle news: unwraping ice cream sandwich on the galaxy nexus: (cros-posted on the gogle mob.   harshgandhitk 
gogle news: unwraping ice cream sandwich on the galaxy nexus: (cros-posted on the gogle mob.   harshgandhitk 
on gogle+ then go here   gplus gogleplus gogle teamfolowback socialnetwork 
android gogle download: android 4.0 ice cream sandwich sdk system dump   dhilipsiva 
android gogle nexus site updated with ics and galaxy nexus, register to be notified   dhilipsiva 
android gogle oficial promo video reveals veri on wireles destination   dhilipsiva 
gogle's galaxy nexus just came out with anroid4.0.   
rt ecomnewsupdate steve yege's gogle plus rant - gogle's pathetic afterthought   blog facebok gogle gogleplus 
bu .: gogle walet introduction video   gogle walet 
gogle is roling out a suite of new changes to its gogle docs service, including 50 new features for .   gogle+ 
balmer also said that the company has a "variety of diferent ways" to respond to hangouts, the group .   gogle+ 
as far as i can tel, gogle enginer steve yege never intended to become famous for critici ing the c.   gogle+ 
gogle confirms nexus s wil get ice_cream_sandwich - for real this time (gingerbread devices, to)   via engadget 
gogle confirms nexus s wil get ice_cream_sandwich - for real this time (gingerbread devices, to)   
w.geoloco.tv - geoloco, future of tech, brands, ads in location revolution - 1-3 san francisco - keynotes gogle, facebok, starbucks 
gogle confirms nexus s wil get ice cream sandwich - for real this time (gingerbread…   
samsung galaxy nexus hands-on (video)   android galaxynexus galaxynexus gogle 
gogle anounces nfc-based android beam for sharing betwen phones   android40 androidbeam 
android gogle first oficial galaxy nexus / ice cream sandwich promo video with feature highlights.   dhilipsiva 
the anouncement is in hong kong. gotcha icecreamsandwhich android galaxynexus mynextphone gogle ics droid 
discover keywords & busines critical information to be no 1 on gogle read aspenibi  blog post   
texas instruments confirms galaxy nexus has newer omap460 procesor   gogle goglenexus 
samsung and gogle anounce galaxy nexus and android 4.0–ice cream sandwich   news android40 
android 4.0 sdk now available gogle android   
android 4.0 sdk now available gogle android   neowin 
android 4.0 sdk now available gogle android   
gogle thinks your digital boks belong on a digital bokcase, digitaly (video)   
and my favorite, "is danieltosh gay?" gogle autocomplete 
how do you get pink eye? gogle autocomplete 
gogle unveils ice cream sandwich, sdk is available now   
rt rishij_pune: gogle must b having sum underlying reasoning 4 naming products after eatables eclair gingerbread icecream rawados . 
android + gogle have al of the tols to reshape the market. i should probably take a break from al this ics talk.   
legiondachosen1: check out "big hit feat. legiondachosen1 - i'm on 1 - frestyle" -   gogle me! 
on gogle+ then go here   gplus gogleplus gogle teamfolowback socialnetwork 
gogle icecream galaxy nexus   
rt venturebeat: gogle releases an infinite digital bokcase   by meghankel 
why are manhole covers round? gogle autocomplete 
rt neowinfed gogle shows of new ice cream sandwich features gogle android   neowin 
china machado, i was gogling earlier the women that resembles my moma) iphoneartists conceptualart gogle   
rt div_spartan: felow michiganders, do the right thing. get online! gogle helping michigan busineses get online   
rt jesvpeterson: ever post something to the wrong circles? gogle+ 
samsung gogle nexus 
damn! galaxy nexus gogle android   time for me to upgrade my nexus s xd 
anyone use gogle+? 
android gogle ned prof of veri on’s galaxy nexus?   dhilipsiva 
galaxy nexus galaxynexus android gogle   folowme 
android ice cream sandwich ads face unlock feature   tech gogle 
gogle releases an infinite digital bokcase   by meghankel 
gogle encrypts search data against hackers, marketers 'howl':   | divisions 
gogle android ice cream sandwich os   technology androidicecream nexusprime sandwichos 
android gogle video: samsung galaxy nexus anouncement and oficial promo   dhilipsiva 
android gogle ics has completely revamped your contacts into the "people" ap   dhilipsiva 
URL is it gogle bokmark or links that bring site trafic blogspot URL wp URL 
facebok vs. gogle+ : which socialmedia platform is the best for you? | customerthink   
android 4.0 ice cream sandwich oficial, sdk now available   tech gogle 
how gogle ventures choses which startups get its $20 milion   via mashbusines mashable 
godtoknow privacy gogle   
samsung galaxy nexus: android 4.0 smartphone unveiled :   android gogle mobile news 
samsung and gogle anounce galaxy nexus   samsung galaxy nexus gogle android ics news tech 
newest version of my (and latc214's) phone (and a new version of android) anounced today.   nexus gogle samsung 
gogle's android 4.0 development plan: make android pretier   paidcontent 
gogle springs icecreamsandwich on samsung galaxynexus smartphone. android tablets son?   (tabtimes) 
it tels you where to find your next drink. rt roycind: what the fuck is a barometer doing in a phone? eh? ics gogle galaxynexus 
god to read: gogle steps up its privacy game, launches god to know ( dnet - oct.18) gogle   
thank you, internet, for alowing me to be buny watson for my friends. gogle imdb almusic 
gogle weiterhin auf der erfolgspur   
wel we should knw that this isnt the ap from gogle unlike aple. 
samsung e o gogle lançam hoje o galaxy nexus e o android 4.0   gogle samsung 
rt bat ayab: gogle android ice cream sandwich 4.0 (photos)   
gogle android ice cream sandwich 4.0 (photos)   
gogle galaxy nexus, miam ! 
 
URL 
on gogle+ then go here   gplus gogleplus gogle teamfolowback socialnetwork 
gogle unwraping ice cream sandwich on the galaxy nexus   
gogle galaxy nexus   gogle galaxynexus android ics 
some people should not post replies in gogle+ threads. their posts only continue to weaken their creditbility. 
android gogle android 4.0 (ice cream sandwich) sdk and adt 14 released   dhilipsiva 
android gogle oficial galaxy nexus site goes live, highlights ice cream sandwich and galaxy nexus.   dhilipsiva 
reading: android 4.0 'ice cream sandwich' features anounced by gogle (hufpost- oct.18) gogle   
galaxy nexus android ics barometer wil undoubtedly be used to ad 3d to gogle maps. 
gogle+ 
dwtalker that's some tough competition right there   techwar gogle facebok aple ama on 
android gogle caling al sped demons - galaxy nexus!   dhilipsiva 
android gogle android beam makes nfc for more than paying for things   dhilipsiva 
caling al sped demons - galaxy nexus!   android gogle 
android beam makes nfc for more than paying for things   android gogle 
gogle docs presentations get real-time colaboration, transition efects and more socialmedia sm   
yeni galaxy nexus -   gogle galaxynexus 
w.gogle.com/goglenexus gogle android icecreamsandwich goglenexus 
rt mikemcready: don’t cast your gogle adwords net to wide | mike mcready   gogle adwords 
gogle, samsung unveil ice cream sandwich powered galaxy nexus. android4.0 
i'm thinking seriously to make my own page in wikipedia just to find myself in gogle. 
gogle is introducing galaxynexus. you can unlock you phone by smile. other then that.get an iphone. 
unwraping ice cream sandwich on the galaxy nexus   gogle 
unwraping ice cream sandwich on the galaxy nexus   gogle 
update : gogle oficialy cals android ice cream sandwich, shouts android 4.0   gogle ics android4 
16 new jobs posting for gogle   jobely 
is gogle analytics reverse-enginering facebok?:   gogle facebok media digitalstrategy 
rt “ant0ineh: twiter wil beat gogle+ and facebok with simplicity- twiter ceo   beat? you aren't competitors… 
rt meko2301: gogle android ics icecreamsandwich 
who the hel is ambercole? i dont fel like i care enough to gogle this bitch so il ask you guys! 
posting on twiter about gogle+ sugesting i ad tom from myspace i think the universe just exploded. justsayin 
pearson and gogle take advantage of the profound lack of lms pd with their new ofering   also do not do reporting 
unwraping ice cream sandwich on the galaxy nexus   gogle mobile 
gogle android ics icecreamsandwich 
URL how do cm & bc get masive hits? is gogle work? blogspot URL wp URL 
gogle reveals the details of android os 4.0, samsung galaxy nexus   gogle android samsung 
gogle must b having sum underlying reasoning 4 naming products after eatables eclair gingerbread icecream rawadosa android 
instaling the ice cream sandwich sdk android gogle 
nothing like saying 'screw you' to a bad real estate company on 7 diferent social pages! gogle citysearch yelowpages yelp yaho . 
col infographic: perks working for the big techs like gogle & facebok |   
on gogle+ then go here   gplus gogleplus gogle teamfolowback socialnetwork 
gogle to begin encrypting searches & outbound clicks by default with sl search   
droidtweak video: icecreamsandwich on the galaxynexus   goglephone nexus1 nexus gogle 
galaxy nexus – the first ice cream sandwich phone coming to veri on   android gogle 
is oxycodone and nyquil a bad mix? lol . i don't think so but. inedadoctor and i'm to la y to use gogle 
big money.   seo search gogle hack sem it busines web marketing online yes hot wining 
rt ruilifestyle: gogle the mixtape   
android gogle met the samsung galaxy nexus and ice cream sandwich   dhilipsiva 
samsung galaxy nexus is now confirmed   goglenews mobile android40icecreamsandwich gogle 
android gogle android 4.0 sdk now available   dhilipsiva 
android gogle samsung galaxy nexus release details stil in short suply   dhilipsiva 
android gogle samsung galaxy nexus hands-on roundup   dhilipsiva 
don’t cast your gogle adwords net to wide | mike mcready   gogle adwords 
unwraping ice cream sandwich on the galaxy nexus   gogle 
gogle details android 4.0 ice cream sandwich, ofers sdk   android gogle 
gogle details android 4.0 ice cream sandwich, ofers sdk   android gogle 
denis goedegebure’s thoughts on changes in gogle analytics: i contacted denis and asked…   
article recap on the gogle analytics "secure" change: here are some articles we found after…   
gogle releases an infinite digital bokcase   by meghankel 
check out " legiondachosen1 ft. big hit - my life's a movie (snipet) - prod. by legiondachosen1" -   gogle me! 
masive galaxy nexus/ice cream sandwich recap. -   galaxynexus gogle ics samsung 
android gogle thre uk to cary samsung galaxy nexus   dhilipsiva 
android gogle gogle updates nexus site with galaxy nexus details   dhilipsiva 
thre uk to cary samsung galaxy nexus   android gogle 
gogle updates nexus site with galaxy nexus details   android gogle 
rt tatn: gogle, samsung unveil ice cream sandwich-powered galaxy nexus   via cnet android 
gogle, samsung ad ’ice cream sandwich’ phone   $apl $gog hitech gadgets mkt digital 
gogle+ .thoughts? to sign up or not to sign up, that is the question. 
gogle ice cream sandwich, nexus prime launch [live blog]   uncategori ed android 
gogle has ben released android 4.0 platform   
gogle defaults to encrypted htps searches for loged in users [security]   
android gogle samsung's galaxy nexus - it's oficial, it's headed for global availability, and it's.   dhilipsiva 
personal-finance security startup bilguard raises $10mn from khoslaventures, peter thiel’s foundersfund n gogle   
hopefuly only a few weks until ics is on my nexus s 4g! gogle samsung icecreamsandwich android4 
gogle just invented mango taste icecream. even the roboto is so segoe. but it's ok. every oem wil have to pay ms anyway. lol. 
embed gogle calendar to your wordpres post:   wordpres gogle 
gogle to begin encrypting searches & outbound clicks by default with sl search   searchengineland 
samsung gogle galaxynexus we got the lowdown after the hong kong pres release, check it out:   
gogle icecreamsandwich samsung updates android | 
galaxy nexus with ice cream sandwich: pictures   
gogle icecreamsandwich samsung updates android | 
galaxy nexus with ice cream sandwich: pictures   
gogle icecreamsandwich samsung updates android | 
galaxy nexus with ice cream sandwich: pictures   
gogle icecreamsandwich samsung updates android | 
galaxy nexus with ice cream sandwich: pictures   
gogle icecreamsandwich samsung updates android | 
galaxy nexus with ice cream sandwich: pictures   
gogle icecreamsandwich samsung updates android | 
galaxy nexus with ice cream sandwich: pictures   
gogle icecreamsandwich samsung updates android | 
galaxy nexus with ice cream sandwich: pictures   
gogle icecreamsandwich samsung updates android | 
galaxy nexus with ice cream sandwich: pictures   
gogle icecreamsandwich samsung updates android | 
galaxy nexus with ice cream sandwich: pictures   
seo tip:redirect   to   by using 301 redirection. gogle yaho bing web 
gogle cloud epson artisan 837: acording to epson you can also upgrade the printer to suport gogle clo.   tcn 
chrome experiment - webgl bokcase -   gogle 
word of mouth and the internet - youtube   gogle searching wom 
atlantasnop yea i've sen my location way of on gogle sites. not a big deal but stil strange. spokygogle 
android gogle galaxy nexus site is live: register and relive the new features   dhilipsiva 
on gogle+ then go here   gplus gogleplus gogle teamfolowback socialnetwork 
gogle & samsung anounced their (hopeful) rebutal to iphone 4s tonight. site shows nice specs but no cariers yet.   
rt gwgodes: we could have told you this two years ago!   novel groupwise gogle 
afan fact! they stil do everything beter though gogle 
jpobrien1 or windows bridge for windows phones and don't try and pretend aple didn't steal the notification bar from gogle droidtwets 
what could a bokcase lok like in 10 years.maybe this?   gogle boks 
and thanks to twit's a crew for the live coverage of the gogle / samsung anouncement! 
check%rt cadientgroup: $6% of women use gogle for info on health care vs 28% of men -&gt;   (via nicola iady) hcsmeu 
infinite digital dusting rt venturebeat: gogle releases an infinite digital bokcase   
the competition: gogle introduces android 4.0 ice cream sandwich and the galaxy nexus   
hide the women and children, break out the guns, gogle is going to encrypt your searches by default!   seo 
android gogle android 4.0 ice cream sandwich sdk is available today   dhilipsiva 
rt brightsidenews: gogle and samsung anounce the galaxy nexus   android ics icecreamsandwich gogle samsung 
so gogle droid is built (in part) using the bouncy castle c api. c is a microsoft programing language. +1 for al you linux fanboys 
my thoughts on tonight's gogle ice cream sandwich and samsung galaxy nexus talk:   
galaxy nexus oficialy anounced at hong kong event   gogle 
android gogle ice cream sandwich sdk now available   dhilipsiva 
ice cream sandwich sdk now available   android gogle 
csg12   hopefuly you check twiter often enough to find this article. :d gogle ics 
why is everyone hating on android icecreamsandwich? ics everyoneisacritic os gogle 
android gogle galaxy nexus pres release   dhilipsiva 
enginers gogle many maroquin manymaroquin 
gogle and samsung anounce the galaxy nexus   android ics icecreamsandwich gogle samsung 
wil the galaxy nexus be coming to sprint? no mention of price, cariers, or source release for ics. give us those info gogle! 
rt alkhubai i: introducing android 4.0, ice cream sandwichintroducing android 4.0, ice cream sandwich   gogle an . 
advertising blog today's blog covers the igen and gogle's "parisian love" debating with smarch323 for your votes!   
rt darkoivancevic: how gogle ventures choses which startups get its $20 milion   
siri's search capabilities vs gogle voice search on android - tested   aple gogle voip 
gogle anounces nfc-based android beam for sharing betwen phones   
gogle anounces nfc-based android beam for sharing betwen phones   via engadget 
android gogle android 4.0 ice cream sandwich oficial, sdk now available   dhilipsiva 
on gogle+ then go here   gplus gogleplus gogle teamfolowback socialnetwork 
samsung galaxy nexus - the new oficial gogle smartphone with android 4.0 "ice-cream sandwich"   gogle android 
gogle releases the latest version of android 4.0 icecreamsandwich   
also, i maybe mising something here. but i thought gogle bought motorola mobile? so, what's with al the samsung love? 
ahaha for the twitpic. the power of gogle 
gogle unveils ice cream sandwich, sdk is available now   via talkandroid ics gogle android samsung galaxynexus 
rt whymicrosoft: gogle’s ad revenue for q3 was 96% of total revenue. so, are gogle customers the comodity being sold to advertisers? 
gogle samsung galaxynexus   
rt mashable gogle launches android ice cream sandwich os   
rt mcala: windowsphone metro style has obviously impresed somebody at gogle. imitation flatery android 4.0 
android gogle galaxy nexus and ice cream sandwich promo video released, veri on spoted in.   dhilipsiva 
gogle anounces nfc-based android beam for sharing betwen phones   
rt dalmaer: webgl infinite bokcase ui   gogle 
teamgoglenexus rt b_y gogle + samsung = perfect icecream sandwich galaxynexus 
gogle does away with bu  -   searchengine search socialnetworking social network 
ad me to your circles on gogle+ 
hnews: gogle, samsung unveil ice cream sandwich-powered galaxy nexus   gogle .net 
gogle bu  to the junkyard along with four other services including jaiku   &gt; liked jaiku 
gogle bu  to the junkyard along with four other services including jaiku   &gt; liked jaiku 
gogle (and twiter ) get ready for the debut of icecreamsandwich   
seo tip:examine gogle analytics reports frequently.check the conversion and bounce rate+analy e trafic sources 
3 new stufs today, motorola ra r, samsung galaxy nexus, gogle android 4.0 icecreamsandwich ics ~ 
ever post something to the wrong circles? gogle+ 
introducing android 4.0, ice cream sandwichintroducing android 4.0, ice cream sandwich   gogle android 
caling al icecreamsandwich lovers | gogle & samsung like in hong kong - a new lok at what's new from android   
caling al icecreamsandwich lovers | gogle & samsung like in hong kong - a new lok at what's new from android   
caling al icecreamsandwich lovers | gogle & samsung like in hong kong - a new lok at what's new from android   
caling al icecreamsandwich lovers | gogle & samsung like in hong kong - a new lok at what's new from android   
caling al icecreamsandwich lovers | gogle & samsung like in hong kong - a new lok at what's new from android   
caling al icecreamsandwich lovers | gogle & samsung like in hong kong - a new lok at what's new from android   
caling al icecreamsandwich lovers | gogle & samsung like in hong kong - a new lok at what's new from android   
caling al icecreamsandwich lovers | gogle & samsung like in hong kong - a new lok at what's new from android   
caling al icecreamsandwich lovers | gogle & samsung like in hong kong - a new lok at what's new from android   
gogle, samsung unveil ice cream sandwich-powered galaxy nexus   via cnet android 
motorola droid ra r vs. samsung galaxy nexus (chart) - cnet (blog)   nexus one gogle 
gogle, samsung unveil ice cream sandwich-powered galaxy nexus" -   
microsoft's balmer: we’re beating gogle in the cloud   
gues what i spoted a couple days ago. didn't expect to se one especialy in the west vilage gogle   
gogle oficialy anounces ice cream sandwich   smartphones tablets news android 
20% searches on gogle are related to location. 3% mobile search queries have local intent. 
rt chwilhelm: gogle walet ads coupons, rewards, and more retail partners   li 
ocupywalst aple stock down despite iphone monumental sales = ocupy gogle & veri on-i smel a conspiracy! 
gogle anounces android beam for sharing betwen android phones. based on nfc technology.   
how to create your own gogle maps   gogle maps 
sucks that i just threw down $3 for a panorama ap when ics wil have it as standard. oh gogle, you pleasant bastards, you! 
it is inded aple & gogle vs theoldway! 
ay_quen gogle it lol espn to 
the beter question is if (and when) curent devices wil get the update. android gogle icecreamsandwich 
i just noticed that gogle+ has introduced real time search. 
$6% of women use gogle for info on health care vs 28% of men -&gt;   (via nicola iady) hcsmeu epharma 
just ben to the future and back lol. just watch something hapening tomorow morning! gogle android 
thank you for the laughs gogle, "taping my pep ", white suit, face unlock fail, using an led scren for a video cast. love it anyway &lt;3 
the great tech war of 2012 -   aple facebok gogle ama on 
does ice cream sandwich have a "private browsing mode" for, you know, "me time?" gogle android 
so veri onwireles. al eyes on you! when can we order? nexus samsung gogle ics 
android beam, panorama, gmail ofline, lockscren, contacts, facial recognition unlock. icecreamsandwich nexusprime gogle 
loking at some of the new features of ics it loks like gogle got some inspiration from cyanogenmod. 
al the info on ice cream sandwich here :   twandroid gogle nexusprime ics android 
webgl infinite bokcase ui   gogle 
rt charmybird son. geting ready for the party. gogle android icecreamsandwich   
rt prety_brownie: omf gone get it next wek i promise! man you beter gogle tht! 
androidpolice duly noted - i hope aosp is updated with ics 4.0. android gogle 
is gogle the next inovators ? 
on gogle+ then go here   gplus gogleplus gogle teamfolowback socialnetwork 
android gogle android 4.0 platform and updated sdk tols   dhilipsiva 
recent study of gogle ctr reveals that top thre positions in goglesearch receive 35% of trafic. econsultancy   
gogle ice cream sandwich, nexus prime launch [live blog]   
rt charlierofe: welcome ice cream sandwich! android gogle icecreamsandwich   
ama es me, i set up a gmail adres and have yet to use it even once and it's geting a ton of spam gogle 
haven't even freshened up, due to gogle's icecreamsandwichevent. oftoshower now. 
the ice cream sandwich presentation was very bugy, however 4.0 loks much more promising than expected. android galaxynexus gogle 
recent study of gogle ctr reveals that top thre positions in goglesearch receive 35% of trafic.   
hey, gogle! you lied. android 4.0 platform is not up as a link yet. but i found it.   ics sdk 
gogle yaho bing balmer on bing, xbox, aple.oh, and yaho, to   seo serps 
so is the galaxynexus coming to sprint any info android gogle android 
gogle gogle event: vorstelung des samsung galaxy nexus (caschys blog): o3:30 klingelte mein wecker. gogles .   
that was god but when is it coming out? what cariers? what pricepoints? android gogle 
welcome ice cream sandwich! android gogle icecreamsandwich   
youngbasedsonic gogle 
rt tifanyk: [infographic] gogle+ cost half a bilion to build, driving users to 1 most folowed user: mark  uckerberg.   . 
ai gogle ai samsung 
what? no "one more thing!" ? samsung gogle nexus 
for al the bokworms out there!   gogle’s infinite bokcase: an abstract browser for limitles libraries technews 
can bil gros take on facebok, twiter & gogle+ with chime.in? - forbes   socialmedia 
rt neowinfed: ice cream sandwich to stop cariers bulying smartphone users gogle android   neowin 
just wonder how much time it wil take throw an update of android ics on nexus s ! please gogle make it quick this time 
ice cream sandwich to stop cariers bulying smartphone users gogle android   
ice cream sandwich to stop cariers bulying smartphone users gogle android   neowin 
how much house can i aford gogle 
gogle icecreamsandwich event featured minecraft 
android ice cream sandwich gmail reminds me a lot of ios mail ap copyandpaste gogle 
samsung galaxy nexus oficial, launches worldwide november -   galaxynexus samsung gogle ics 
eboye s tim da   daje server eror :) gogle icecreamsandwich 
engadget folowing android galaxy nexus event gogle samsung ics   
rt: colobrate and present. new version of gogle presentations.   via gogledownunder gogle goglepresentations 
sdk available now, so you can develop aps for the phone and tablets right now. android4.0 gogle 
great hardware and great new version of android. i want it now. api is available now at least. gogle android ics development 
notch minecraft mobile was just mentioned by gogle while they were demoing ics on the nexus prime! 
gogle unveils android 4.0 ‘ice cream sandwich’   via bgr 
hey gogle ,when unveiling a new product,use a backdrop w/ lots of spatial-temporal high resolution activity. video codecs wil love it. ;) 
android beam, share any piece of information.from.one android device to another by simply touching the devices. android4.0 gogle 
new galaxy nexus: ap improvements - beam - sharing using nfc nexus samsung gogle android bit.ly/nejbye 
jcmwright we are a going over to gogle right now, and we are in maryland (mica). catch up with us this wek sometime edu1 
mashable! - gogle ice cream sandwich, nexus prime launch [live blog] gogle android ice   
the new gogle phone. yo   
new galaxy nexus: ap improvements - quick response to unwanted cals, predefined sms's nexus samsung gogle android bit.ly/nejbye 
rt jcmwright: would love to hear from other smal coleges who went gogle recently. particularly interested in the learning tech prep . 
many new features for android. nexusprime gogle 
samsung and gogle's ice cream sandwich event liveblog!   android icecreamsandwich 
gogle oficialy anounces ice cream sandwich   android 
phone ap redesigned to be unified with gogle voice, etc. has fast forward and rewind capabilities as wel. gogle android ics 
new galaxy nexus: ap improvements - new visual voicemail within the phone ap nexus samsung gogle android bit.ly/nejbye 
can they just tel us when ics wil be available for nexus s users? samsung gogle hongkong 
rt thedroidguy: gogle anounces dates for 2012 io   
android gogle gogle oficialy anounces ice cream sandwich   dhilipsiva 
android gogle samsung galaxy nexus launching in us, europe and asia this november   dhilipsiva 
gogle's open source search to end:   
gogle oficialy anounces ice cream sandwich   android gogle 
samsung galaxy nexus launching in us, europe and asia this november   android gogle 
hugo is budies with 50 cent? gogle android 
new galaxy nexus: ap improvements - new people ap to improve contact information nexus samsung gogle android bit.ly/nejbye 
5in_n_the_air gogle time kml 
gogle anounces dates for 2012 io   
i'm thinking about gogle   getglue gogle 
samsung galaxy nexus anounced, ful specs available   samsung galaxy nexus gogle android ics thetechcheck 
samsung galaxy nexus anounced, ful specs available   samsung galaxy nexus gogle android ics thetechcheck 
gogle galaxy nexus, i want a phone please talk about other features now the camera is only one part! 
funy how samsung didn't have the facebok ap on their galaxynexus demo but instead had gogle+ lol. 
on gogle+ then go here   gplus gogleplus gogle teamfolowback socialnetwork 
new galaxy nexus: hardware improvements - camera captures 1080p video nexus samsung gogle android bit.ly/nejbye 
video of livestream of the gogle/samsung anouncement fro e. damn my slow internet conection. gogle samsung 
1080p video recording, continuous focus,  om while recording and time lapse included in android 4.0. gogle android ics 
the new panorama feature in android ice cream sandwich is prety col. saw a glitch in the live presentation though. gogle 
built in panorama in camera ap android 4.0 ics gogle 
gogle, samsung unveil galaxy nexus phone runing android 4.0   via:apleinsider tech gogle dubai beirut 
panorama 
 
icecreamsandwich gogland gogle android ics" 
no face taging in the new android galery? gogle 
did he just say hipster filters? gogle android 
how come when gogle talks about their android camera ap it's boring, but when aple does it's  omg!1 
balmer: 70% of the time, gogle & bing are the same, so try bing! by danysulivan   
gogle webgl bokcase: gogle webgl bokcase. gogle developed a webgl ap that shows a 3d model of a bokcase .   
tap to focus and face recognition ics galaxynexus gogle 
[infographic] gogle+ cost half a bilion to build, driving users to 1 most folowed user: mark  uckerberg.   irony 
URL gogle’s ice cream sandwich oficial URL android icecreamsandwich 
watching ice cream sandwich. so far it only melted when atempting facial recognition during unlock :) youtube.com/android samsung gogle 
samsungalaxynexus gogle android icecreamsandwich. new browser   
now watching live stream of gogle new mobile nexus 
damn group meting disturbin me from watchin the gogle event 
new tols giving the user the ability to restrict mobile data usage. gogle android ics 
article discusing how the four great tech companies wil compete in the marketplace:   aple gogle facebok ama on 
gogle releases an infinite digital bokcase rt venturebeat   by meghankel 
samsungalaxynexus gogle android face unlock.ice cream sandwich literaly knows your face.   
android ice cream sandwich features face-recognition to unlock your phone, no more entering a pin or pasword fb gogle 
email with 2 line preview, ofline search of any amount of emails you want. android4.0 gogle 
can search the last 30 days of gmail, whether conected or not. gogle android ics 
ha! the demo fail is stil resonating. kinda funy, but on a global scale. col feature, though! android gogle galaxynexus 
are these guests on samsung and gogle event mostly chinese? wow! they're boring. gogle samsung 
ics show-of fro e my browser. wel, time for slep i gues. android gogle samsung 
rt venturebeat: gogle releases an infinite digital bokcase   by meghankel 
rt adamdince: gogle might reverse its new data encryption policy if big brands threaten to cut their pc spend. gogle biting the ha . 
gogle thinks your digital boks belong on a digital bokcase - a webgl chrome experiment   
demo crime for gogle dude in white suit. face recognition for unlocking doesn't work if you wear make up aparently :-) 
but does request desktop site work with hulu?!?!? ics gogle 
samsungalaxynexus gogle android icecreamsandwich   
adicted to this new game tripletown on gogle+, 
rt venturebeat: gogle releases an infinite digital bokcase   by meghankel 
samsungalaxynexus gogle android icecreamsandwich   
the lock scren now has facial recognition capability! gogle android ics 
here comes facial recognition!  face unlock  
icecreamsandwich gogland gogle android ics" 
gogle and samsung reveals galaxy nexus phone   mobile software android mobiledevice 
gogle gogle’s infinite bokcase: an abstract browser for limitles libraries   
measure your marketing.get the fre analytics campaign tager shet for gogle analytics now!   
samsung and gogle introduce galaxy nexus   via androidcentral android 
kanye west has aded you to his circles." yeah, right. galaxynexus gogle ics 
launching november in japan samsungalaxynexus gogle android 
samsungalaxynexus gogle android   
gogle +1 stickers came with this month's adsense cheque .   
android gogle samsung galaxy nexus galery   dhilipsiva 
android gogle samsung and gogle introduce galaxy nexus   dhilipsiva 
pardus securebot'a karşı duruyoru !:   fsf securebot linux microsoft 
microsoft ofice: a shortcut to find your microsoft ofice documents   via ibad.info 
are you going to rsna? visit microsoft at both 141   rsna201 rsna1 radiology amalga healthvault 
today's bargain? check microsoft bluetoth mobile keyboard 60   tech deals 
agre ! rt murainer: microsoft launching the omnitouch, how funy i though that was an aluenterprise soluti… (cont)   
rt e2evc: microsoft scvm 2012- sesion by virtualfat - al u ned to know about the new 2012 version. e2evc register   . 
URL - many-to-many control for microsoft lightswitch 
ms aces: a database, reporting tol, programable forms w/ vba, part of ms ofice microsoft should ad web front end admin console/util 
rt thomasgoubin: rt cmaneu: stage toulouse microsoft net superboîte win8 geks =   (please rt ;) 
icloud control panel for windows:   win7 windows7 aple ipad iphone ipod iphone4s microsoft icloud 
microsoft opens a temp kinect / windows phone store   wp7 windowsphone xbox360 wp75 msft 
hanging out at microsoft comons with vincemayfield 
rt androidtopnews: steve balmer: android is for computer science geks   news android gogle microsoft steve_b . 
windows 8 on a tablet? can microsoft put a bruise on the ipad? -   productivity ofice 
steve balmer: android is for computer science geks   news android gogle microsoft steve_balmer 
rich021 thank you my friend! much apreciated and kep up the great work! i hope you clean house on microsoft rewards here! retail 
creating pareto charts using microsoft excel   
project grenwich 2 be released by microsoft research lets people curate their own personal history   
microsoft researchers want to turn your hand into a touchscren   via arstechnica 
set up an environment where you get inovation. share those expectations with your supliers. sigsource microsoft 
rt surface: pc podcast 39 (gitex, microsoft surface) |     
hear the latest with surface from ." 
pc podcast 39 (gitex, microsoft surface) |     
hear the latest with surface from gitex in dubai." 
microsoft's plan for bringing its bi tols to ios, android, and windows 8 
devices 
URL read more at URL 
join us wednesday nov. 2 for a webinar featuring microsoft lync deployments with snom uc. register today at   var 
rt jildyche: just saw my bud edmaguire of credit agricole securities interviewed by tylermatheison cnbc, covering microsoft. you . 
rt infamarketplace: tol to alow users to aply dataquality rules directly from ms excel. learn more infamarketplace.   . 
microsoft builds a functioning ‘holodesk’ to interact with digital items   
just saw my bud edmaguire of credit agricole securities interviewed by tylermatheison cnbc, covering microsoft. you rocked it, ed! fb 
rt robak: start your private cloud fast with the new hp virtualsystem for microsoft   hp microsoft hyperv syste . 
rt the_victor2 holodesk: microsoft unveils technology that's one step closer to human/digital interaction.   hardware 
start your private cloud fast with the new hp virtualsystem for microsoft   hp microsoft hyperv systemcenter 
rt sharepointony: hersheytech kofax colabware avepoint nintex engaged w &gt;40 customers sharepoint ecm sumit at the microsoft . 
rt thecloudnetwork: microsoft cloud steve balmer at web 2.0: microsoft ceo dises android, iphone: acording to gekwire, ba. htp . 
hersheytech kofax colabware avepoint nintex engaged w &gt;40 customers sharepoint ecm sumit at the microsoft tech center irvine 
rt davebakerd2l: rt govhs: microsoft has just released a case study featuring govhs and desire2learn.   govhs d2l 
new hpvirtualsystem 4 microsoft enhances development, deployment & mgmnt of it   
by 4:30pm: for e-comerce times, erika morphy seks experts re: microsoft "playful learning": pros/cons for kids:   
steve balmer at web 2.0: microsoft ceo dises android, iphone   sem mobile 
microsoft ceo on android: you have to be a computer scientist to use it - hufington post   tech mobile 
microsoft 
with holodesk from microsoft research, you can manipulate 3-d, virtual images with your hands   
spend $49 at a microsoft store and get a fre windows phone   wp7 wp7dev windowsphone microsoft 
rt winbetadotorg: microsoft giving away fre windows phones with a $49 purchase   microsoft windows_phone 
what’s new in the microsoft world after bldwin? find out at devreach in europe. register at 
rt jblank23: microsoft turns your body into a touchscren psfk:   via adthis 
microsoft, steve balmer, speaks at web 2.0 sumit in san francisco:   bing android gogle aple ama on 
microsoft turns your body into a touchscren psfk:   via adthis 
microsoft's balmer swipes at gogle   
microsoft giving away fre windows phones with a $49 purchase   microsoft windows_phone 
microsoft giving away fre windows phones with a $49 purchase   microsoft windows_phone 
sigsource dawn evans interviewing microsoft's tim mcbride in sig's inside source exec video series. in a new role in financial operations 
microsoft cloud steve balmer at web 2.0: microsoft ceo dises android, iphone: acording to gekwire, ba.   tcn 
$4.5b nortel ip deal stil under doj review: microsoft exec (via iplaw360)   in 
first steps to holographic user interfaces?   microsoft research 
new post: touch everywhere   microsoft research touch 
two extremes of touch interaction microsoft future fb   
mspartners can join: bi spark   or websitespark   microsoft mpn 
balmer's vision for microsoft   
rt imason_inc: search governance in sharepoint 2010   microsoft 
cnet » microsoft omnitouch alows multitouch input on arbitrary, everyday surfaces »     
rt calvinieh: learn how to kep microsoft exchange costs low today at 1am pacific. win with microsoft and netap webcast htp:/ . 
search governance in sharepoint 2010   microsoft 
rt hersheytech: tomcastiglia and sharepointony now presenting on sharepoint upgrade planing at our sharepoint ecm sumit at the m . 
new 70-680 exam questions are available techxams   microsoft 
microsoft aplies for celebrity search patent. bing-o   hermancain.co directs you to.ronpaul   
rt iphone4s_nerd: microsoft’s balmer: android phones are boring, overcomplicated   via bgr 
nokia to reveal multiple windows phone devices next   mobile nokia microsoft 
microsoft headquarters tomorow! blogalicious beblogalicious 
microsoft's ceo, steve balmer critics the user friendlines of android. android gogle microsoft wp7   
learn how to kep microsoft exchange costs low today at 1am pacific. win with microsoft and netap webcast   
microsoft launching the omnitouch, how funy i though that was an aluenterprise solution! copyright   via l_evenement 
check out this great blog w/ tips from yousendit - what 2 consider when migrating 2 microsoft exchange 2010   ysi 
check out this great blog w/ tips from yousendit - what 2 consider when migrating 2 microsoft exchange 2010   ysi 
survivable branch apliances & basic hybrid gateways for microsoft lync and ofice comunications server   audiocodes 
why do linux fanatics want to make windows 8 les secure?   linux microsoft 
microsoft aplies for celebrity search patent microsoft bing: microsoft has aplied for a new patent that take.   
microsoft aplies for celebrity search patent microsoft bing   microsoft 
microsoft aplies for celebrity search patent microsoft bing   
rt tech ader: microsoft aplies for celebrity search patent microsoft bing   
microsoft aplies for celebrity search patent microsoft bing   
microsoft aplies for celebrity search patent microsoft bing   neowin 
microsoft aplies for celebrity search patent microsoft bing   
securing microsoft exchange 2010 with sl certificate   exchange2010 itsecurity 
ned info - microsoft crm - then check this out -   
not sure how i fel about the black keys playing at the u-vilage microsoft store. gues they *are* geting paid, that's god. microsoft 
URL 
aple gogle microsoft blackbery nokia htc samsung motorola windowsphone7 iphone android droid tablets" 
wil be at the london microsoft partner busines briefing tomorow - se some of you there :) 
microsoft turns your body into a touchscren   microsoft 
daniweb ms busines inteligence development studio. where u create srs reports and sis packages. wonderful world of microsoft :) 
microsoft turns your body into a touchscren   microsoft 
microsoft turns your body into a touchscren   microsoft 
join brainware in orlando 1/2-discus financial best practices, automation tech w/speakers from disney and microsoft   
did you know there is a microsoft learning facebok page where you can find deals and course info mctsumitna 
tol to alow users to aply dataquality rules directly from ms excel. learn more infamarketplace.   excel microsoft 
tomcastiglia and sharepointony now presenting on sharepoint upgrade planing at our sharepoint ecm sumit at the microsoft tech center 
microsoft are patenting aplying personas of celebrities to bing results   
check out this interesting blog on tips from yousendit 4 wht 2 consider when migrating 2 microsoft exchange 2010   
rt sholiman: sigsource microsoft's tami reler says get on the bus and if you don't want to be on the bus, get of the road. 
learn how you can now upload srs reports to microsoft crm 201 online. crm201   
sigsource microsoft's tami reler says get on the bus and if you don't want to be on the bus, get of the road. 
yaho! just received welcome leter to join tfs preview. thanks microsoft 
does anyone out there have some god online training or tips on using inforpath 2010 to build forms with rules? microsoft sharepoint 
check out our newly revamped testimonials page for more information on how microsoft dynamics crm can work fo.   
print ads dead ? not with microsoft tag on your ad learn more here -   
microsoft is geting more serious about daily (bing) deals   
nokia 80 “searay” windows phone pres shots leak   microsoft windows 
a child’s-eye view of microsoft’s kinect for kids:   | solutions kasper 
microsoft ceo steve balmer confirms nokia windows phone devices due next wek   microsoft nokia 
microsoft 1st ever global ad campaign:great ful circle focus on integrated product conectivity and global relevance   
breakfast at microsoft with pms in sf 10/25:   
check out our newly revamped testimonials page for more information on how microsoft dynamics crm can work for you!   
htc arive windows phone (sprint) review   windowsphone7 xboxlive mobile cdma microsoft 
what to consider when migrating to microsoft exchange 2010:   yousendit both 624 gartnersym 
rt neowinfed: steve balmer slams android microsoft stevebalmer   neowin 
microsoft explains and refines the windows 8 start scren -   ux ixd 
steve balmer slams android microsoft stevebalmer: microsoft ceo steve balmer was highly critical of gogle'.   
steve balmer slams android microsoft stevebalmer   microsoft 
steve balmer slams android microsoft stevebalmer   
steve balmer slams android microsoft stevebalmer   
steve balmer slams android microsoft stevebalmer   neowin 
check out our podacst regarding sugar's edge in tems of database structure   microsoft crm 
steve balmer slams android microsoft stevebalmer   
microsoft stores ofering a fre windows phone with a $49 purchase   wp7 windowsphone wp75 mango msft 
the great tech war of 2012 :   tech mobile 2012 wireles aple gogle microsoft 
new snom webinar nov. 2: acelerate microsoft lync deployments with snom uc. register here   vars phones 
europe aproves microsoft takeover of skype -  uk london 
isn't this a litle to much? 
URL xbox microsoft technology" 
alyfish87 leaning that way for batery. have microsoft xbox, media pc and  une so would a droid fit beter? idk thanks tho :) 
rt microsoft_edu: quality education is vital. atend microsoft & desire2learn sesion at educause   edu1 
microsoft should folow suit with bing and windows live   
ese prof acha que ninguém sabe mexer no microsoft word 
tonybates on microsoft acquisition of skype via microsoft -   
check this video out - steve balmer: we were lucky not to buy yaho! alaluya   microsoft yaho stevebalmer 
balmer says you ned to be a computer scientist to use android   android android microsoft 
gek fact for october 19th - 198: u.s. department of justice antitrust case against microsoft began. gekfact 
a child’s-eye view of microsoft’s kinect for kids   
a child’s-eye view of microsoft’s kinect for kids   via techcrunch 
nokia 80 aka nokia searay renders   wp7 nokia microsoft mango 
as mainly a microsoft busines user is it ok to like ibm ibmconections ? 
rt fiercewireles: microsoft's balmer promises nokia windows phones next wek, slams android.   wp7 window. 
microsoft’s balmer: android phones are boring, overcomplicated   via bgr 
gsmarena_com talk, talk, talk. release the phone already, before they are completely obsolete nokia microsoft 
microsoft's balmer promises nokia windows phones next wek, slams android.   wp7 windowsphone 
microsoft is working with local thai partner to show how to aply a location-based it system to adres flod crisis (bangkok post) 
metro (design language)"   microsoft tok inspiration from king county metro! microsoft metro windows8 bus 
microsoft's balmer trashes android, touts skype   microsoft skype android 
rt gkumaran: emc white paper on automated perf optimi ation for microsoft aplications with emc vmax, fast vp and hyperv scvm ht . 
the new microsoft action pack gives mspartners aces to software, development tols, training and market visibility! 
rt packtenterprise: bok published! microsoft sharepoint 2010 power user cokbok:   spmentor   
video: microsoft ceo steve balmer talks at web2.0sumit about yaho, bing, and more.   
microsoft's steve balmer atacks android phones   android microsoft stevebalmer gogle 
blesing in disguise. balmer fels lucky microsoft didn't buy yaho in 208   busines 
are you an digital expert? or an online amateur? -   microsoft 
a web service developed by microsoft research lets people curate their own personal history |   
cyrus1989 wpcentral i think they're refering to the obvious partnership betwen microsoft and nokia aka bing and navteq. 
rt symonperiman: sign up for online microsoft hyperv virtuali ation 70-659 training on nov. 2. it is $9, has a $150 exam voucher! . 
balmer: we're lucky microsoft didn't buy yaho:   | ceo john steve web acquisition coment conference 
you don't have to be a computer scientist to use a windows phone," said microsoft 's stevebalmer, "but you do to use an android phone." 
rt startpack_en: guys from microsoft tel startpack developers about how to integrates with systemcenter via web services.   . 
sign up for online microsoft hyperv virtuali ation 70-659 training on nov. 2. it is $9, has a $150 exam voucher! 
URL 
guys from microsoft tel startpack developers about how to integrates with systemcenter via web services.   
microsoft quarterly earnings out tomorow, here's what to expect:   
windows8 microsoft please implement a uac prompt when a non elevated proces drops on elevated proces instead of failing silently. 
microsoft cloud microsoft launches virtual academy in kenya: microsoft east and southern africa launched .   tcn 
microsoft multimedia stravinsky : the rite of spring (cd-rom) [version 1.0] review: microsoft multimedia stravi.   
microsoft service pack instaler want's my notebok to be pluged in. why? pluged it in to start instalation and pluged it out. worked. 
microsoft's balmer trashes android, touts skype 
   
rt thestret: balmer: microsoft beating gogle in the cloud -   via gigaom 
listening to this, how much do microsoft mis bil gates?   he is a genius, as was jobs. bil saw it, but steve made it. 
white paper: emc automated performance optimi ation for microsoft aplications   emc powerlink credential neded 
balmer: microsoft beating gogle in the cloud -   via gigaom 
high tech director of busines development *seling consulting services* oracle microsoft sap sanfrancisco jobs   
what the world neds is an "it/programers" chanel/web fed 24 hours a day - tune in to watch people coding/discusing it microsoft 
microsoft hoy what’s next stream: windows pc   ➨ microsoftlatam 
mindtre introduces 'mpromo' trade promotion solution on microsoft a ure for the consumer packaged gods industry.   
markculum1 - because it's microsoft. 
microsoft's first global multi-product holiday campaign   
take time to sign this and also please pas it on. thank you :   r.i.p jeremey latiola. steve jobs microsoft 
first time a technology company is in the runing for marketer of the year. vote david:   microsoft getitdone 
rt knowyourmobile steve balmer says new windows phones wil launch at nokia world event |   wp7 microsoft 
dear microsoft - sei e the moment - focus on developing windows7 phones for enterprise solutions. suced where rim is failing. 
infosys kicks of its cloud drive with microsoft partnership 
microsoft ceo steve balmer on not buying yaho: “sometimes, you’re lucky” »   
rt mobiletechworld: jet car stunts xbox live game for windows phone released   wp7 xbox microsoft 
balmer on not buying yaho: 
URL 
 
microsoft yaho skype xbox gogle bing balmer" 
gogle mobile bos andy rubin on aple, microsoft and tablets   techgadgets android 
you are welcome to join our live fre webinar right now. it's about citrix monitoring through microsoft scom:   
ocupy microsoft nyc! windows phone camp 
rt mashable: microsoft ceo steve balmer on not buying yaho: "sometimes, you're lucky" -   
rt teched_na: join microsoft experts in 1 hr for a live technical chat on windowsphone mango live tiles   wpdev . 
join microsoft experts in 1 hr for a live technical chat on windowsphone mango live tiles   wpdev wp7 msteched 
microsoft's kinect brings 'playful learning' to the xbox 360   microsoft kinect xbox socialmedia 
skype and microsoft team up - a match made in heaven? -   microsoft skype videoconferencing socialmedia 
itasum1 - gadgeter   - the new way to make inspire and stimulate learning edugek kinext microsoft 
bok published! microsoft sharepoint 2010 power user cokbok:   spmentor   
gartner bi 201: microsoft and oracle!   gartner bi oracle microsoft 
microsoft  une - digital player - hd 30 gb - wma, ac, mp3 - video playback - display: 3…   
early cloud microsoft partners wil be rewarded w/ a cloud acelerate badge, & aditional internal use rights!   
rt newswek: the 30 grenest tech companies in the world   grenrankings ibm intel cisco microsoft aple gog . 
fresoftwarefoundation publicly warns of danger of implementing microsoft restrictedbot w/o uefi   anonymous usdor 
new snom webinar nov. 2: acelerate microsoft lync deployments with snom uc. register here   vars phones 
why ice cream sandwich might make things worse - 'gogle neds to lok to microsoft as an example'   via pcmag 
today! come along to microsoft ofice & ecdl open evening at pitman training cheltenham from 4pm to 7.30pm -   
ms outlok quick aces tolbar - how to customi e -   tips microsoft 
beware phone scam cals pretending to be microsoft who claim your machine has a virus -   
emc white paper on automated perf optimi ation for microsoft aplications with emc vmax, fast vp and hyperv scvm   
the cloud ofers the ultimate music choice &lt;  microsoft emp cloudcomputing 
exciting news: microsoft names metalogix a managed partner in the high potential isv group   sharepoint 
new inotive it program coming to dubai featuring comptia and microsoft qualifications   rt please 
ce-oh no he didn't: steve balmer lays into android   microsoft balmer android 
rt cmaneu: stage toulouse microsoft net superboîte win8 geks =   (please rt ;) 
read how sungard intelimatch achieved 53% ^ in performance (50 mil transactions in &lt;25 mins) intel hp microsoft   
microsoft cloud windows+server - rt wesleybackelant: anouncing the microsoft .: windowsa ure : wesle.   tcn 
microsoft cloud oracle, windows garner diferent views over multitenant cloud .: microsoft's cloud apr.   tcn 
microsoft cloud geting started with microsoft's windows a ure cloud: the lay of .: god tols integrat.   tcn 
how to use search folders to organise your emails in microsoft outlok -   
rt mobiletechworld: jet car stunts xbox live game for windows phone released   wp7 xbox microsoft 
jet car stunts xbox live game for windows phone released   wp7 xbox microsoft 
stage toulouse microsoft net superboîte win8 geks =   (please rt ;) 
silver &gold aple tumbles no mater how many sold microsoft buys them 4 a nice price so get in there show justsayin droid rules inend 
microsoft shows 'touch scren' for any surface   
microsoft comunity blogs the 7/365 review - the cloud's impact on busines   
nand_krish07 microsoft arogance again - balmer says you ned to be a computer scientist to use android   
i gave ryanosaurusrex +k about microsoft windows on klout   klout microsoft windows 
microsoft's steve balmer atacks android phones:   
se how you can save 40% on do ens of microsoft certification practice exams   via ericligman 
rt elearnet: microsoft edu microsoft's kinect brings 'playful learning' to the xbox 360 - the guardian   
changing the past and organi ing the future with microsoft   
rt healthvault: learn how to create and use your emergency profile on microsoft healthvault - phr healthit - step by step docs ht . 
microsoft edu microsoft's kinect brings 'playful learning' to the xbox 360 - the guardian   
microsoft edu ud schol board seats up for grabs - delaware county daily times   
omnitouch projector (which is suported by microsoft ) turns anything into a touchscren   aracılığıyla gekosystem 
2 hours south of richmond, va -&gt; microsoft builds two-headed data center in feds’ backyard   cloud tech 
stevebalmer just caled me a "computer scientist" :)   microsoft android 
rt apsense: “simon_townsend: microsoft tests and proves apsense enterprise scalability! 78k users on one personali ation db - htp . 
rt apsensetechie: microsoft tests and proves apsense enterprise scalability! 78k users on one personali ation db -   
can you ad multiple queues to the workspace in ms crm online 201? .and how? microsoft crm queues customerservice 
infosys, has tied up with microsoft to provide cloud-based oferings to clients.   cloud infosys microsoft technews 
microsoft details windows8's new start scren search   
gogle mobile bos andy rubin on aple, microsoft and tablets, live at asiad - ina fried - mobile - althingsd   
rt michaelkroker: steve balmer: nokia to reveal multiple windows phone devices next wek, microsoft may make their own -   . 
steve balmer: nokia to reveal multiple windows phone devices next wek, microsoft may make their own -   
“simon_townsend: microsoft tests and proves apsense enterprise scalability! 78k users on one personali ation db -   
“apsensetechie: microsoft tests and proves apsense enterprise scalability! 78k users on one personali ation db -   
microsoft's balmer: we're building windows server 8 around cloud - wel i gues thats makes sense! 
rt simon_townsend: microsoft tests and proves apsense enterprise scalability! 78k users on one personali ation db -   
new microsoft windowslivebok v2 mobile video + graphicsworkstation   
aple’ cash balance = $75.9 bilion, surpasing the total operating balance of the u.s. government rich aple gogle microsoft money 
learned a new word "blob" regarding to microsoft sharepoint moving .docs from the database to a fileserver. vmworld vmworld201 
hm, that should have read 'the milky white film of busynes' :d vs2010 microsoft 
rt technabob: using a touchscren through your pocket made posible by microsoft pocketouch: have you…   
“simon_townsend: microsoft tests and proves apsense enterprise scalability! 78k users on one personali ation db -   
microsoft tests and proves apsense enterprise scalability! 78k users on one personali ation db -   
microsoft tests and proves apsense enterprise scalability! 78k users on one personali ation db -   
does anyone else get the 'milky white film of busines' with visual studio? vs2010 microsoft 
using a touchscren through your pocket made posible by microsoft pocketouch: have you…   
after years of failures, microsoft is finaly making money in the handheld market - but not in the way you’d think 
microsoft dynamics gp son to ofer 64-bit hyper-v images only :   
anie: has just had a lok at our downloaded windows8 op sys. where aplemacs go, microsoft folows! 
seking a manager of it for imediate hire in sterling, va! send resumes to julia.snikrht.com for consideration! dcjobs cisco microsoft 
balmer: we’re beating gogle in the cloud   balmer gogle microsoft cloud 
god luck to cpg team rt mindtre_pr: mindtre introduces mpromo tradepromotion solution on microsoft a ure   cgt 
mindtre introduces mpromo tradepromotion solution on microsoft a ure   cpg cgt 
open virtuali ation format adopted by vmware microsoft and citrix. how come no mention for open source leader redhat? vmworld sec1802 
database si ing microsoft sharepoint 2010 vmware vmworld   
rt venturebeat: balmer: “we’ve picked our play” in social with skype deal   microsoft xbox in 
jacused  rt  egar-amaboura the entreprise version of microsoft ofice365 is not available yet in algeria.   
m10135 microsoft course. rp £1640 + vat. our price = £148 + vat   itraining microsoft 
ceo steve balmer says that microsoft dodged a bulet when it failed to acquire yaho! in 208   
technology 4 startup britain wek: atracting customers with seo and pc   microsoft 
amaboura the entreprise version of microsoft ofice365 is not available yet in algeria i gues 
microsoft takes a shot at the wi in their newest dancecentral 2 ad [video]   kinect games 
wonderlaura, please cld u send me steps on how to ad a custom .master files through spd 2010. i just downloaded some files from microsoft 
visualstudio 1 developer preview training kit released: start learning -   microsoft 
microsoft news: sqlserver licensing wil be diferent from december201 | ofice365 and a ure wil be available in algeria in 2013 
how to oranise and sort your emails with the categories feature in microsoft outlok -   
microsoft anounces new “playful learning” titles - wired news :   av 
balmer fels lucky microsoft didn't buy yaho in 208   gdaps balmer microsoft yaho 
cloudnewsindia the war of email cloud computing: gogle vs. microsoft   
microsoft chief admits lucky escape from buying yaho!   
microsoft's kinect brings 'playful learning' to the xbox 360   
heute - microsoft ofice 2010 home & student product key card [1 user] - stat 149€ nur 89,9€ -   
rt matimo : i'm at microsoft and ben served cake for lunch, ok not just cake but its definitely involved. you live a god life benuk 
mrobinson "hard for" balms "to get excited over android phones" because microsoft isn't colecting enough royalties yet. isaidit 
“gecloud: congratulations to softline pastel (sagegroup a) for wining isv of the year at microsoft partnersumit” softlinepastel 
heute - microsoft ofice 2010 home & student product key card [1 user] - stat 149€ nur 89,9€ -   
microsoft cloud geting physical with virtual servers: q. is it important that windows server and microso.   tcn 
build once, scale to many: microsoft alows creators to extend experiences to multiple touchpoints like xbox, windows mobile. ulforthewin 
cloudnewsindia new version of cloud intune is available: posted on windows 7 news.microsoft has just.  
cloudnewsindia new version of cloud intune is available: posted on windows 7 news.microsoft has just released.  
balmer on not buying yaho: “sometimes you’re lucky” via techcrunch   microsoft 
microsoft's steve balmer atacks android phones   windows android microsoft gogle 
microsoft windows server 208 r2 enterprise oem preisvergleich   bewertung softline24 test microsoft 
microsoft anounces oficial sql server driver for linux -   sqlserver 
there is a chance? microsoft and mobile   
job ict system administrator windows: gsi consultants,  ug   microsoft it 
steve balmer: bunch of new nokia windows phones coming next wek   via esphoneblog wp7 nokia microsoft 
rt qmateoq: leaving for smau : i'l be at the microsoft stand as a trainer for the wpdev labs. met me there! 
microsoft ‘people-centric’ windows phone 7.5 update released   
microsoft stores giving away fre windows phone devices with $49 spend microsoft wp7 fre msftstore   
leaving for smau : i'l be at the microsoft stand as a trainer for the wpdev labs. met me there! 
just walked in the dor of the microsoft kenyaopendor conference. 
a new landscape for retail banking: new report from efma with microsoft   
windows 7 roadmap = windows 8 roadmap: m3 final 6.1.6801 (7) and 6.2.8102 (8). beta at ces? :o microsoft 
microsoft stores giving away fre windows phone devices with $49 spend   microsoft windows 
big data and the cloud - more hype or a real workload?   a ure hpc microsoft 
microsoft acquisition of skype has closed.   wil it be integrated this with technology like exchange and outlok? 
novidade microsoft: rt cibereconomia: this new microsoft technology turns anything into a touchscren (msft)   
infosys, microsoft team up to ofer cloud services -   
microsoft india webcast live on cloud management with system center ap controler codename “concero”   cloud 
microsoft's steve balmer atacks android phones   
microsoft excel: how to alternate the color betwen rows -   microsoft 
rt guardiantech: microsoft kinect brings 'playful learning' to the xbox 360   gaming 
omnitouch microsoft   via youtube 
get microsoft   certified now!   
early cloud microsoft partners can qualify for microsoft cloud acelerate!   
rt mahimakura: cloudnewsindia microsoft anounces open source based cloud service   
great, now skype is a part of microsoft stack   
microsoft ceo steve_balmer on not buying yaho: “sometimes, you’re lucky”   
microsoft ceo steve_balmer on not buying yaho: “sometimes, you’re lucky”   
microsoft idea: search the internet like a celebrity (tod bishop/gekwire)   
cloudnewsindia microsoft anounces open source based cloud service   
► job it projekt management microsoft | projekt für frelancer: program manager (m/w) in berlin »   
thinking thinking thinking thinking dotnet asp microsoft 
creating pareto charts using microsoft excel   
microsoft changes the yet known design of windows eight   
gogle sets alternative to microsoft   
watch short video on microsoft lync end user adoption. a practical solution for users   itpro ucoms ocs whymsft 
heute - microsoft ofice 2010 home & student product key card [1 user] - stat 149€ nur 89,9€ -   
funy bilgates aprons w/gogle 1 ranked ltcarton “got microsoft“?   humor fodie microsoft 
funy bilgates aprons w/gogle 1 ranked ltcarton “got microsoft“?   humor fodie microsoft 
kinect makes learning playful with help from sesame stret and national geographic   genius idea ;) microsoft 
windows phone tango and apolo rumors sugest new scren specs 
microsoft wp7" 
steve balmer, microsoft's chief executive believes that gogle's android mobile phones for being to complicated. what do you. 
kinect -projector makes al surfaces touchscren ar touch microsoft xbox360 gaming games   
balmer on not buying yaho: “sometimes you’re lucky”: speaking today at web 2.0, microsoft…   
this coming from a guy who is microsoft pc, mug, pen, everything rt giusepepieta: 1ngare both fail phones.windows phone 7 to the rescue 
steve balmer people ned to be computer scientists to figure out how to use android phones | telegraph   microsoft 
windows phone tango and apolo rumors sugest new scren specs   microsoft windows 
microsoft to require yearly sustainability reporting by vendors   via caelusgrenrom csr gmic 
cloud news - infosys bosts its cloud solution with microsoft partnership -   - infosys cloud microsoft a ure 
microsoft discontinued product named ensemble studios on october 14, 201. review and coment:   
microsoft cloud windows intune: microsoft ofers cloud partners new incentive .: . calendar year, whi.   tcn 
rt joaoluisc: this new microsoft technology turns anything into a touchscren (msft)   aple microsoft 
microsoft scvm 2012- sesion by virtualfat - al u ned to know about the new 2012 version. e2evc register   
this new microsoft technology turns anything into a touchscren (msft)   aple microsoft 
. and we were just told what a microsoft minute is: it is 95 sconds + 1 second which is from 1 to 10 minutes. :) 
microsoft and nokia anounce suite of ‘microsoft aps’ for nokia’s symbian bele platform   wp7 wp75 
senews : balmer: 70% of the time, gogle & bing are the same, so try bing! microsoft bing :   
senews : microsoft extends revenue guarantes to yaho yaho microsoft :   
senews : balmer on not buying yaho: 'sometimes you're lucky' microsoft yaho :   
rt internetbh: microsoft shows 'touch scren' for any surface 
 
URL 
financial services track at partner sumit, 9 people in the rom. and yet fs is such a lucrative chanel microsoft partnersumit 
find & give information about software bugs & help improve microsoft products. aply to become a beta tester   itpro 
teamfolowback -microsoft expands windows phone marketplace to india microsoft windowsphone india 
check this video out - sesame stret and nat geo tv coming to kinect   xbox kinect microsoft 
cerulean is the most advanced erp cloud for hosted dynamics microsoft dynamics -   
rt pocketlint: balmer on nokia: realy loking forward to bunch of new devices next wek   wp7 nokia microsoft 
microsoft anounces two new xbox 360 holiday bundles   
omni touch scren system: going beyond the "touch screns"   featured tech&amp;gadgets microsoft omnitouch 
rumor: new scren si es, specs coming to windows phones windowsphone microsoft   
teamfolowback microsoft investigating windows phone mango  une fre ing problems 
check this video out - omnitouch - demo video microsoft demonstrates touch scren for any surface   
omnitouch from microsoft makes every surface a touchscren | gadgets   
we are authori ed test center pj, selangor, for it exams (cisco cna, microsoft mcse, red hat rhce, etc.)   
towhat technological extensivity microsoft wilprovide the cloudcomputing ? thanks ms for bein apart ofmy generation   
microsoft anuncia sql server odbc driver para linux!   ms linux opensource sql softwarelibre 
teamfolowback microsoft q1 2012 earnings results due on thursday microsoft 
congratulations to softline pastel (sagegroup a) for wining isv of the year at microsoft partnersumit 
vincent mugambi microsoft takes us through wp ap 
microsoft cloud infosys kicks of its cloud drive with microsoft partnership: infosys has acelerated its.   tcn 
microsoft wireles keyboard 30 review   wireleskeyboardandmouse mousecombos 
fre genuine copy microsoft windows 8 pre-beta os: i don’t know how long it’s ben out…   
URL found article on URL fake microsoft scamers lure users into granting remote aces to pcs 
omni touch scren system: going beyond the "touch screns"   featured tech&amp;gadgets microsoft omnitouch 
pinbal fx2 ofers fre 'paranormal' table starting next wednesday   microsoft pinbal_fx_2 
rt neowinfed: rumor: new scren si es, specs coming to windows phones windowsphone microsoft   neowin 
rt tcmaga ine: microsoft talks about the start menu search in windows 8   microsoft search start windows8 
rumor: new scren si es, specs coming to windows phones windowsphone microsoft   neowin 
rt kale o: we strongly recomend students that are folowing us to sign up for the imaginecup 2012 contest!   micr . 
we strongly recomend students that are folowing us to sign up for the imaginecup 2012 contest!   microsoft 
microsoft's steve balmer atacks android phones - telegraph   via telegraph 
rumor: new scren si es, specs coming to windows phones windowsphone microsoft: a rumor has surfaced that sug.   
rumor: new scren si es, specs coming to windows phones windowsphone microsoft   microsoft 
rt fiercecio: what hapens to skype now that it is oficialy microsoft's?   $msft 
any microsoft trainers in oxfordshire who ofer fre training to local charities? unfortunately out of my catchment area makethatlink 
if you mised it : microsoft working on ‘pocketouch’ device input through clothing   
windows phone tango and apolo to have new scren resolutions?   wp7 microsoft 
wasn't impresed with the iphone4s and now not impresed with the galaxynexus, so let's se what nokia - microsoft have to ofer. 
rt rinconindia: opentext alchemy client programs are now compatible with microsoft ofice 207. 
microsoft ceo steve balmer on not buying yaho : “sometimes, you’re lucky”   
microsoft excludes tablets from its holiday advertising push   
ben using microsoft ofice for years? wel here are some tips to be more eficient that even you might not know!   
microsoft lifecam nx-30 webcam (gray) review   nx30 laptopwebcam noteboks laptop 
the scrible sharepoint blog: sharepoint 2013 workflows. maybe microsoft can buy nintex? microsoft sharepoint sp210 workflow nintex 
siobhancoda is your anti virus isn't just a 90 day trial, could leave you exposed in the near future fre microsoft antivirus software 
steve balmer says "luck" kept microsoft from buying yaho in 208   microsoft yaho 
microsoft ceo says company got "lucky" when yaho deal fel apart microsoft stevebalmer: microsoft ceo steve .   
microsoft ceo says company got "lucky" when yaho deal fel apart microsoft stevebalmer   microsoft 
microsoft ceo says company got "lucky" when yaho deal fel apart microsoft stevebalmer   
now i that i know god exists, realisation dawns on me that, he hates me 
microsoft icpc" 
microsoft excludes tablets from its holiday advertising push   
microsoft says android is to complex. interesting - from a user angle contrast windows with macos for a comparison.  
intervate wins content management partner of the year 201. microsoft techedafrica 
intervate wins the portals and colaboration partner of the year 201 microsoft techedafrica 
microsoft's steve balmer atacks android phones (telegraph) -   
rt marcfletcher: intervate wins the portals and colaboration partner of the year 201 microsoft techedafrica 
rt internetbh: microsoft finalises skype deal - it busines - news & features -     skype micr . 
rt neowinfed: microsoft ceo says company got "lucky" when yaho deal fel apart microsoft stevebalmer   neowin 
microsoft talks about the start menu search in windows 8   microsoft search start windows8 
microsoft ceo says company got "lucky" when yaho deal fel apart microsoft stevebalmer   neowin 
rt sanjevgadre: balmer says that microsoft dodged a bulet when it failed to acquire yaho in 208 | wish 1 of my ex-employers was . 
balmer says that microsoft dodged a bulet when it failed to acquire yaho in 208 | wish 1 of my ex-employers was lucky like that 2 
balmer fels lucky microsoft didn't buy yaho in 208,   microsoft 
hp virtualsystem for microsoft is the latest solution from hp & microsoft.   hpci 
microsoft employes reveal they’re working on next-generation xbox   
rt shawnwildermuth: omfg:   gates balmer nightatheroxbury microsoft 
mdhughes i have the strangest feling we've done this exact thing before. arial microsoft 
microsoft cloud services, .federal government apears to have resulted in a decision favoring microsoft   
any surface touch   microsoft technology 
microsoft 3q (or 1q12) conferencecal 10/20/1   
fre microsoft adcenter credits   webhostingcoupon adcenter credits fre microsoft 
rt sqlserver: microsoft made many anouncements at sqlpas sumit. read the blog post for a recap:   sqlserver s . 
microsoft excludes tablets from its holiday advertising push: fresh details of microsoft’s…   
hm. can't decide if i should like it or not. microsoft omnitouch   
ama ing that at microsoft techedafrica everyone is runing ios phones ! 
rt wesleybackelant: marketer of the year   please suport davidmer el microsoft 
microsoft extends revenue guarantes to yaho: yaho disclosed today that microsoft extended…   
balmer on not buying yaho: “sometimes you’re lucky”   &gt; most interesting part = nascent microsoft cloud leadership 
new microsoft security esentials v2.1 released with updated antimalware engine   microsoft securityesentials windows 
microsoft launches reseler rewardhub for reslers   
rt maven_infosoft: patent wars: gogle vs. samsung vs. aple vs. motorola vs. microsoft vs. oracle -   
cyclone i 1.0.2   c+ microsoft music 
zero-day exploits are low in number, but pose big threat, experts say:   microsoft itsecurity 
coursey, forbes - open leter: *steve balmer, please retire*;   openleter stevebalmer microsoft 
patent wars: gogle vs. samsung vs. aple vs. motorola vs. microsoft vs. oracle -   
microsoft cloud microsoft - capture the cloud: . through the rokie, veteran, and al-star tiers provid.   tcn 
microsoft natural ergonomic keyboard 40 review   
paradoxicalmike yes. our is under lock and key. we are guarded by the mighty microsoft. unlike gogle with it's androids 
the way you can understand 
al of the social media 
is as the creation of 
a new kind of public space. microsoft" 
should microsoft and gogle design their software for mobile devices with two screns? 
rt neon_nes: yaho profit drops 26 per cent!   yaho microsoft 
save ink by printing certain areas of your doc. highlight the text, click print, under page range tick ‘selection’. microsoft word ofice 
bsteloper: i vouched for you in programer, microsoft enginer, and ethical hacker on conect.me   
microsoft adcenter promo code – fre $25 credit   webhostingcoupon adcenter code credit fre microsoft promo 
yaho profit drops 26 per cent!   yaho microsoft 
yaho profit drops 26 per cent!   yaho microsoft 
testing windows 8 developer preview microsoft 
u-vilage store fits microsoft consumer strategy   microsoft technology 
microsoft anounces interactive tv for children’s games & story boks xbox microsoft family fb   
microsoft ceo on not   buying lucky microsoft 
reviora can host microsoft dynamics sl msdynerp -   
new post: microsoft windows 7 home premium   home microsoft premium 
ceo balmer's (non)answer on whether microsoft wil build its own windows phone balmer microsoft fb   
congrats to the 5 big winers of the "get certified-get hapy" swepstakes! e  log-in&gt;contests&gt;winers:   microsoft 
rt hpc_guru: linq to hpc: microsoft closes in on delivering its own hadop competitor   dryad bigdata via mary . 
28mb for what is basicaly a glorified chat client. oh, microsoft. lync microsoft   
job ict system enginer (m/w): planova human capital ag, lu ern   microsoft it 
aple vs microsoft: two oposite aproaches to building an os   windows8 osx ios5 
rt bcopher: anyone know where i can get a fre trial of microsoft frontpage for mac? 
microsoft makes every surface a touch scren   touch gesture 
microsoft ceo steve balmer on not buying yaho: “sometimes, you’re lucky”   mcomerce busines 
rt pocketlint: balmer on nokia: realy loking forward to bunch of new devices next wek nokia microsoft wp7   
microsoft ceo steve balmer on not buying yaho: “sometimes, you’re lucky”   uncategori ed 
microsoft ofice v. x for mac [old version] review: computer software plus education computer software sales   
night at the roxbury with gates and balmer   funy video gates balmer microsoft 
mashable! - microsoft ceo steve balmer on not buying yaho: “sometimes, you’re . yaho microsoft balmer   
everything can be a digital surface now, courtesy microsoft, carnegie melon   microsoft carnegiemelon 
shawnwildermuth gates balmer nightatheroxbury microsoft that is so wild! 
everything can be a digital .   microsoft carnegiemelon 
rt gp_jman852: helo new folowers! reminder: 10 folowers = a 40 microsoft point giveaway! xbox360 xbl xbla mw3 cod retwet! 
balmer mocks android, promises a “bunch of new” nokia windows phones next wek [video]   microsoft windows 
hpvirtualsystem for microsoft, latest from the $250 milion i2a initiative hpci cloudcomputing   
microsoft shows 'touch scren' for any surface | nanotech - the circuits blog - cnet news   via cnet 
.chrispirilo re. twiter 1,402,239 positive opinions   vs. 68,546 negative   
clearlycasi_: i'l never forget the day we met, or how we kised the first time." / i met you on twiter and i haven't kis you yet :p 
rt sour_d_rey: obsexed69 got one of the dopest blogs on twiter and tumblr.realtalk 
rt str8talk123: ned to step my twiter game! where is teamfolowback miami f jayscandreth whatuphoe121 
caramba, a mais de 4 dias ninguem fala em mim ou de mim aki no twiter. nem mesmo minha noiva. fuieskecido. 
codytigernord just a reminder that you fail on twiter 
rt thisisyungfresh: join our t on twiter folow thisisyungfresh & macdej t ratchetsymptoms 
sneaky, sneaky. seven ways to spy on your competition, using twiter -   - via ruhanirabin askaronle 
people on twiter n facebok al day, wat are you realy doin wit yo life.imjusaskin 
my cu  robase101 is new to twiter drop him a folow and show him some love. esp if you like canes jets yankes & knicks sports 
thingswealhate false advertisement via twiter lol 
rt. . twiter of 
ha! even twiter is teling me we're meant to be! 
slep time. twiter of 
twiter should have emoticons 
join our t on twiter folow thisisyungfresh & macdej t ratchetsymptoms 
welp! meh nd renaedaniels bout tah cal it ah niqht nite twiter 
i wana make the gose bump on your iner thigh show 
twiter after dark ;)" 
going in :( work. break at 2:30 and 5:30 twiter time. se ya'l in the am 
01:50 no msn e no twiter 
e facebok." 
kaiylw0lf so tumblr is way more adictive than twiter. but i stil love both of them. and they can coincide with each other! bromance 
boa noite twiter *-* 
troyhopson neds a twiter. swear 
d_realrogers be slep n who noe  where i be but how it's it u so caled slep but every 5 sec u got a new twiter post up btfu 
my twiter age is 1 year 19 days 13 hours 37 minutes 17 seconds. find out yours at   twitertime 
twiter of! 
ofa_ia barackobama itheperson wld like al gov reps 2 have the date and state they reside in posted on their twiter pic. 4 wethepeople 
yo twiter ! nowthatsbasic_ is the new ambercole who wana go 1st ? aye she does this shit for a living . 
rt yaksys: my twiter age is 1 year 243 days 2 hours 31 minutes 4 seconds. find out yours at   twitertime 
pretyfuckn_le welcum to twiter cu  ;) 
1*birthday* shout-out to 2 of my favorite people on twiter! li pope & thetinyjewelbox hapy birthday girls! 
thatsrealtalkin i'm doing the talman twiter list for fun! i just wana se how many men 6'3 and up are on twiter! it's just for fun :) 
rt  aibatsu: should you folow back on twiter?   sm twiter 
a niga can't even go to slep nd wake up god pl be trip'n over twiter 
i realy dnt like to folow people who never on twiter 
“jtbrown: twiter are freaking kiding wth .   
haha wow" 
8am dentist apointment, i realy should be going to bed.makesnomovetogetupfromcomputer twiter 
twiter'of 
my twiter age is 1 year 65 days 18 hours 47 minutes 24 seconds. find out yours at   twitertime 
rt d_snaps: rt charlielace instead of updating your twiter why don't you update your life! 
maurogarcia92 dale ok.!solo twiter ! 
god night twiter. 
rt twinkleg_ray: quit acting al hard. it's only twiter 
manwitpurpose50 what are you doing now on twiter? 
idgafboutyou ls.yea i kno.lol.i ain't ben fuckin wit dis joint.i gues twiter mised me tho huh.sls.lol 
why do i always blow up twiter at like 1am? soryfolowers 
sarahjesica your seriously adicted 2 twiter 
whts goin on twiter fam 
ra a abas numerouno : (ra anumerouno) : thanks for folowing me on twiter! hapy tweting ! 
rt smart_remarks rt its_kchese: some stuf you only find on twiter lol  &lt;- lmao 
ls. & im actualy tlkin about twiter 
thanks 2 my new twiter conections! ecogrenvalet1,brunodgama,ine 260,moniqueprothero,leviti09,christyjbpl,tonymicheal, chk em out! 
yu cant answer , but yu can b on fb nd twiter 
twiter bu  builds for the ocupy wal stret movement [charts]   twiter 
i don't se the point of folowing a news station on twiter if there's breaking news people are guna twet about it anyway obvs 
on ovo with _loveisthe_ki dumb as excuseme twiter 
rt its_kchese: some stuf you only find on twiter lol  
quit acting al hard. it's only twiter 
dylawnward 10 twets already? damn son twiter whore twitwhore gi get it? 
socialfans: top twiter related sites   design" twiter 
folow my main twiter aikochristine ned more folowers help me get to 50 
high as a mother fucker i'm adicted to twiter can't even go to slep lol 
rt bigmelo216_tsa: on da phone wit althisas & she was hapy af! she got out twiter jail! thirsty lol 
rt monicac_: damn tired! . ned some rest! night twiter 
i just instaled the new twidroyd for twiter on my android phone - it's fre, give it a try.   
can an algorithm be wrong? twiter trends, the specter of censorship, and our faith in the algorithms around us   
so i had her make a twiter she's hot & sexy every one folow one 1 ma new folower's rocio08 lego! ! ! 
starandrama & jamers302 be kilin twiter folow us 
z. night twiter godbles 
adult swim twiter 
rt "robyq: your twiter folowers either like you for your sense of humor or sex apeal." - i gues, i'm funy then. lol! 
did a couple of changes.twiter 
what's god twiter 
so im chilin at work finaly getin a chance 2 be on twiter wat i mis so far?¿ 
my twiter age is 1 year 243 days 2 hours 31 minutes 4 seconds. find out yours at   twitertime 
twiter of. 
rt alibabaoglan: presentation: 7 best ideas to use twiter more eficiently -   howto 
ned to study vocab :/ 
twiter adicted" 
nite twiter 
sgarney i put the picture up on twiter. i did it cause everyone on twiter is col and your not. getsamanthaoftwitereveryone 
my twiter age is 1 year 325 days 10 hours 18 minutes 7 seconds. find out yours at   twitertime 
put your twiter on autopilot and let it gain folowers for you!   teamfolowback twiter autopilot 10aday 21 
yeah im gon twiter but fuck wit me. 
simonsays_payme kalemurphy chatoney twiter adict. tweting while being a lil bitch jerkofmore kys smile   
justbecause you got a few folowers on twiter don't make you a celebrity 
people that do this " this is my twiter " and pound everything. neds to delete their twiter. 
rt jackiebaby_: 's are for twiter not facebok. duh 
_ahoten23 welcome to twiter 
finaly of to bed.nighty night twiter world! 
twiter bu  builds for the ocupy wal stret movement [charts] twiter ocupywalstret teamfolowback autofolow   
rt gabisfc_: my twiter age is 219 days 12 hours 26 minutes 28 seconds. find out yours at   twitertime 
acording to twiter i have the same amount of folowers as folowes.notgoingtolast 
twiter is tripin 
is there a way that i can post voice notes on twiter? 
rt twe ardcom: twiter adam levine takes aim at 'evil' fox news, starts twiter spat   twe ard 
gn twiter homies 
i can't believe mr_malie504 is not on twiter 
95hm you can directly share your facebok photos on twiter with   
stacehendrix pls let us know if you ned help w/ music marketing promo. we got twiter & youtube on lock.   
obsexed69 got one of the dopest blogs on twiter and tumblr.realtalk 
i aint did shit on twiter until every girl of   folowing me goalset lol 
rt igorlilmonster: my twiter age is 2 years 153 days 5 hours 6 minutes 25 seconds. find out yours at   twitertime 
twiter of n.n 
alright i'm going to slep. godnight twiter 
jakedi lewins we ned to speak sum real shit on twiter 
puragentebienav me podrian dar el face o twiter del chavito qe siempre trae lentes transparentes le dicn chicken litle x fis :) 
woke up dis morning so i'm stil alive twiter 
3,2,1,0 twiter of 
just because you folow me on twiter does not mean we col. as you can se i didnt folow yo thirsty as back. dumy -.- xd 
getn of gn twiter 
kylisinatl hey! get back on twiter :-) 
rt charlielace instead of updating your twiter why don't you update your life! 
ocupy twiter.let&39;s make twiter a social media not a just a buletin board. engage! interact! sociali e! 
put your twiter on autopilot and let it gain folowers for you!   teamfolowback twiter autopilot 10aday 1 
your twiter folowers either like you for your sense of humor or sex apeal. 
facebok of , twiter of. night night every1! 
twiter adam levine takes aim at 'evil' fox news, starts twiter spat   twe ard 
nigas on here talking bout sharing one condom with his boy to run a train on the same girl only on twiter you nasty muthafucka 
jacobstanton2 twiter has kind of turned into our lives 
i wana rt a lot of twets. but my ap won't work. what's the best twiter ap? 
twiter fdp 
marlorific wel, i fel great about being your first twiter friend :) 
how to twet. like a celeb ;)   twiter 
rt an_anonyma: u can't se who rted ur stuf, & this is because of twiter censorship? je , people. it's binaryfaires teaching your . 
hey i'm doing this, at this place, around this time (you should come). twiter 
i ned 2 unfolow some of these wanabe g's! rt stevegr8ofte : rt the_kase do real thugs have twiter? confusedbymytimeline /hel no. 
u can't se who rted ur stuf, & this is because of twiter censorship? je , people. it's binaryfaires teaching your vain as a leson! 
twiter must be sharing, caring, interacting, sociali ing.don&39;t k+ does who ignore you.give a k+ to thise who truly are social 
my phone would stay charged if i didnt have twiter 
godmourning twiter 
got my blade for these twiter strets third shift 
rt calmepinoc: rt cra y_golfer: "if you lose folowers on twiter don't wory even jesus lost folowers" ~unknown quote via smqueue 
pl emphasi e to make thyself lok greater then they are! twiter! 
~&gt; rt realjaythoven twiter and facebok gone get sumbody beat up mane everybody b so reckles 
put your twiter on autopilot and let it gain folowers for you!   teamfolowback twiter autopilot 10aday 25 
the_dj_show welcome to twiter my friend. hashtags 
twiter folowers fre:   
m'kite twiter of 
wishing i can slep al day 2morow but i got practice. gn twiter 
bthompson16 if i was tocol for twiter then i wouldn't go on it and as a result my life would be boring so i don't think i am 
“realjaythoven twiter and facebok gone get sumbody beat up mane everybody b so reckles” 
rt charlielace: instead of updating your twiter why don't you update your life! 
karate kid, skitles and cranbery juice. godnight twiter 
you got 18 mentions go click on them , run , run , run : only 1 new : ha ha ha ha twiter was kiding with u twit2alsh 
twiter of ☑ 
rt sharonhayes: top 50 twiter acronyms, abreviations and initialisms   ruhanirabin 
thank you, me to. loking forward to reviewing your bok warenwhitlock twiter authors socialmedia 
twiter is hela funy when got people on here you grew up with.lmao 
thematbruening tok your twiter virginity. bitch 
instead of updating your twiter why don't you update your life! 
top thing you would change about twiter - go! 
rt te_amotam: twiter is not eharmony 
rt jefbulas: twiter reveals it’s latest growth numbers   twiter sm socialmedia 
my twiter age is 2 years 160 days 2 hours 28 minutes 32 seconds. find out yours at   twitertime 
wordpres plugin - 2-klicks-buton -.   2-klicks-buton facebok gogle+ like socialshareprivacy twiter 
alexbab9 alexthe_asholebab should be your new twiter name 
twiter and facebok gone get sumbody beat up mane everybody b so reckles 
facebok and twiter of 
jacobstanton2 you're actualy tocol for twiter :) 
twiter is not eharmony 
rt the_kase do real thugs have twiter? confusedbymytimeline / hel no. 
wow god old clasic hodmemories some clasic moments there i had to share on twiter 
put your twiter on autopilot and let it gain folowers for you!   teamfolowback twiter autopilot 10aday 26 
rt lecko_alx: my twiter age is 2 years 94 days 1 hour 40 minutes 3 seconds. find out yours at   twitertime 
twiter&fbof 
my twiter age is 2 years 153 days 5 hours 6 minutes 25 seconds. find out yours at   twitertime 
rt cra y_golfer: "if you lose folowers on twiter don't wory even jesus lost folowers" ~unknown quote via smqueue 
got to do it!rt eldermltilerjr: i am cracking up at bishopwsthomas advertising for twiter lol 
i tried to explain why you would do "the twiter " : &820;the twiter&821;:   jeferypjacobs 
yay bogiedebeast made my talman twiter list standing 6'6 baybe 
damn tired! . ned some rest! night twiter 
rt xo_rosibel_: hey everybody that has a twiter folow me now aye_casandra tenswagquotes _fcknjane autumn_tarbania ayo_mari . 
twiter that's wasup ! lol! 
jacobstanton2 ryan_burke4 doesn't take much to be col on twiter 
geting some blank rows in my twiter fed on the website. are you? 
if u couldnt twet from your phone a lot of people wouldnt be on twiter - broke fact 
rt _shely: m but yeo . twiter . fre up _tashaiwestend ! fre up _tashaiwestend ! fre up _tashaiwestend ! 
my twiter age is 1 year 148 days 1 hour 15 minutes 56 seconds. find out yours at   twitertime 
- twiter please forgive my last slew of twets i'm having a rough night , but i pray you'l forgive me .toslepigo 
where is twiter 
godmorning twiter! :) 
rt lil_ham05: niki_bobo twiter after dark 
twet number 10 shout out to al my folowers twiter 
bye bye twiter ;) 
niki_bobo twiter after dark 
natemaro i that's what twiter is for 
helo ! centuries past til to write on twiter ! 
love you ! :)" 
lovely_mstoya relaxin, my mind! and twiter 
my phone is of.thank god. fuck sprint . im on twiter 2nite 
linas" 
rt neteo81: rt nine_oh simply da best on twiter my tweps jbdancingmachin epicquotesorg gowhitedawg (cont)   
rt luisfitq: ty!rt nine_oh: simply da best on twiter my tweps mscariefwr di leb19 lbn_prod federal_and_co kimdeanmusic mscre . 
i figured if my twiter lady-gems friends get new one's that i can to! =) my new bo   
ohemge. be a folower. twiter 
how to kep up with over 10,0 twiter folowers   for those of you with this many tweps rock on, i'm not there yet=) 
rt myhopdreams: im chilin man trying to stay humble its just hard when nigas hatin and pump fakin via twiter 
how strategic is our technology agenda?   twiter strategy 
rt igainfolows: put your twiter on autopilot and let it gain folowers for you!   teamfolowback twiter autop . 
ubersocial on blackbery crackbery is beter than the actual twiter site. it's wack on the iphone. colstorybro 
do real thugs have twiter? confusedbymytimeline 
yay freakbul_ made my talman twiter standing 6'4 baybe 
finaly loged back in! what&39;s up twiter! 
put your twiter on autopilot and let it gain folowers for you!   teamfolowback twiter autopilot 10aday 13 
twiter lies rt amerikusl i lose al my friends once they get pregnant :-( 
rt nagoul1: can anyone please explain to us why the retwet "isue" is hapening to many, but not to others? twiter tweting tweps 
twiter&facebokof god night everyone bye bye 
can anyone please explain to us why the retwet "isue" is hapening to many, but not to others? twiter tweting tweps 
why everytime i spa  on twiter yal think some chick done hurt my felings.i aint w/ anete no more. lol 
nigas be in they felings on twiter hela funy 
wow | can watching twiter trends help predict the future?   via  ite 
twiter of :) god night for everybody ! 
facebok is becoming trashier and trashier twiter 
my twiter age is 2 years 0 days 3 hours 31 minutes 17 seconds. find out yours at   twitertime 
rt sharonhayes: top 50 twiter acronyms, abreviations and initialisms   ruhanirabin 
«bigbelybigcu  rt fre_nutbal fuckyoumean pitsburgh don't got the best twiter.» 
i don't know why people chose to talk to me on twiter! .when you have my number .! 
godnight twiter:) 
watching a "new" interview with l1ld3b13 giving props to twiter glad to se her out on her own doing her own thang; 
facebok y twiter of xd 
some1 shld create a busines where they take pl's twiter streams over a period of time & make them into a nice bok. kepsake urwelcome 
thanx ! desertbeacon oldivory benetgina ywhy twiter love and early f in case i cant se ! kep it going ! p2 
twiter introduces fre twiter web analytics tol   via hubspot reporting 
slep. finaly. twiter 
trying to identify a constantcontact expert - anyone on twiter? 
bedtime god night twiter godnightworld 
i'm goin 2 bed twiter dead tonight 
rt thre_leanin: rt fre_nutbal fuckyoumean pitsburgh don't got the best twiter. 
top 50 twiter acronyms, abreviations and initialisms   ruhanirabin 
sincerelytig_ i gues dat wat twiter does lol 
tired a'f &gt;.&lt; twiter of 
godnight twiter  
ok so my ex girlfriend hacked my twiter this should be funy 
rt fre_nutbal: fuckyoumean pitsburgh don't got the best twiter. 
rt fre_nutbal fuckyoumean pitsburgh don't got the best twiter. 
recruiting tip: ask yourself: why am i not building my personal brand on linkedin, twiter, and facebok? 
“fre_nutbal fuckyoumean pitsburgh don't got the best twiter.” 
rt ilovemytats: lmao. rt misayuna wel that's my que, bye twiter , omf fina start quotin lines from atl lol 
straight outa hak mob" rt jhon_doe_smokes: out of my 7 months of actualy getin on twiter. i've only be… (cont)   
fuckyoumean pitsburgh don't got the best twiter. 
dj_nasty16 i know. you my only compo. we be repin twiter 
twiter of 
pinto el sueño twiter of 
rt wbasinger: rt teachub: 50 ways to use twiter in the clasrom   
twiter after dark! godnight! an yal thought a was abt to get nasty!lol 
people aren't the same as they wana be perceived on twiter.please believe i'm that cra y bitch at work who slaps everyones as in line 
serendipityjane is the ultimate twiter bf! she uses eft to turn your frown upsidedown!folow her & learn about her vip clas.it rocks! 
even if i skip the newspaper, i don't wory co  i get al news updates at twiter. :) 
i'm on one tonight .triping ! lol ef yal .its twiter ! 
rt ashu180489: progres is a proces , surprised to se a sensible topic trending worldwide in twiter 
susanfelicity many people pay litle atention to important isues. i strongly believe social media, like twiter, is changing this. 
benfolds p.s. i would have never used the word "playa" over "player" if twiter wasn't so restrictive. 
twiter'of :| gn'♥ 
rt ministeronline: its ok to put up bible verses & encouraging post about god on twiter, but make sure you stand by your words, cause . 
hiting the sack early. g-night twiter 
rt kanvaskings: 1,50 folowers on twiter and 2,50 fans on facebok? takeover iminent? helyeah. al shirts just $15 til monday! 
folow me on twiter catchaset_ teamfolow &lt;3 
progres is a proces , surprised to se a sensible topic trending worldwide in twiter 
glad i already purple mine!1 both acounts on facebok and twiter 
its ok to put up bible verses & encouraging post about god on twiter, but make sure you stand by your words, cause your an example. 
these hoes folow me like twiter ! 
i just instaled twidroyd for twiter on my android phone - it's fre and you can mute users :)   
rt chrispirilo: tired of those spamy twiter dms?   twiter spam 
twiter of&lt;3 
shout out to al the single mothers on twiter 
im tired gona get to bed peace out twiter 
wel.twiter of, 
aye me_cede  get my bay out da way ful1time ( swirl ) gota twiter 
let's go se what is trending on twiter tonight? 
he like kising the litle pink pus ls twiter this after dark 
twitertip: how to kep up with over 10,0 twiter folowers   rt antran_ 
twiter (of) 
rt“reimeraron: twiter keps me from sleping! soadicted” 
shout ou to al my folowers! twiter 
rt teachub 50 ways to use twiter in the clasrom   education ntchat 
slater_boy neds to take his as to slep. its grown folks hour on twiter 
twiter bu  builds for the ocupy wal stret movement [charts]   
wendywiliams just said she was a woman bitch please stop lien on twiter and on nationaltv we al know your a man 
put your twiter on autopilot and let it gain folowers for you!   teamfolowback twiter autopilot 10aday 18 
u put w/eva comes to mind on twiter but let me try n do it ima be a rat or something smh the nerve of dese nigas!' 
gn twiter. . . . . .            
twiter bu  builds for the ocupy wal stret movement [charts]   twiter 
i've ben slackin on my twiter game 
rt ahenesyworld: twiter i apologi e 4 being out of line regardles what sum1 does i promise 2 remain humble kep it from public ey . 
briliant (if you have a spare 12mins to watch): have i shared to much?   twiter linkedin facebok in 
twiter keps me from sleping! soadicted 
twiter be making my as stay up later than planed 
folow your interests. twiter 
lmao. rt misayuna wel that's my que, bye twiter , omf fina start quotin lines from atl lol 
twiter + tumblr = drugs are severe. twiter tumblr 
rt extremejohn stuck on facebok? i’m so sory.   twiter gogle facebok 
gn twiter of. 
why am i rambling on facebok i kep forgeting i have twiter. then remember and come back. every 3 seconds. -_- . o_o 
twiter i apologi e 4 being out of line regardles what sum1 does i promise 2 remain humble kep it from public eye!iloveyahenesynation 
17 things you didn’t know about twiter:   via twetsmarter rt sharonhayes choice new  facts 
godnight twiter 
i think schwastysmack neds to col her rol on her twiter game. 
things that heatmeup : when people put the on facebokposts when they dont even have a twiter. getaclue 
godnite twiter (: 
out of curiosity, doesanyoneknow if it's against the twiter tos to use hashtags so egregiously as i sem to be doing tonight? 
rt jonjars: twiter; for those statuses you'd never post on facebok 
therealjedad if her name ain't twiter then ur not bcu  u ben on here for a minute goin ham.lol, i'm just sayin! 
rt katwiliams_: irealyhatewhenpeople typ3 l!k3 th!s or use hashtags in every word on twiter 
tired of those spamy twiter dms?   twiter spam 
bham  welcome to twiter 
its funy how you can take time out your precious twiter time to monitor or judge what in saying 
twiter honey i don't freaking know anymore &gt;&lt;" 
cpmoris congrats on joining twiter 
adady101 johnodame . al this flirting over twiter is starting to make me think you guys got a crush on each other bromance. 
twiter it's ben a pleasure but i have to go exercise and eat diner! posibly be back b4 i slep? we'l c! i am blesed & we al are! =) 
ihateitwhen i think of a col twit,by da tym i grab da fone & load twiter i would have forgoten it! dumbas 
lol its ben a year since i had a twiter but i jus start using it 
rt kilin_emsoftly: who folows pl then unfolows them?!. yourlameashel tryna make it sem like your somebody important! it's onl . 
i want to be a twiter cypher. 
rt is waholy the long awaited way to make clear the roi of twiter?   socialmedia /via socialmedia2day gosocial 
it's real when you tel ur man how ur gfs roasted your ex on twiter and he's like god job babe lol 
twiter; for those statuses you'd never post on facebok 
msleamichele nayarivera dianagron msamberpriley please could u somehow convince hemo to join twiter we ned her awesomenes! gle 
i just instaled the new twidroyd for twiter on my android phone - it's fre, give it a try.   
its 1:56 &amp;, im going to slep now &gt;.&lt; o&39;wel :) god night twiter . 
geting ready 4 bed. schol tomorow. we have an evacuation at schol! night twiter =] 
twiter of! se ya :d justinbieber love u and have swetdreams. ♥ 
godnight everyone twiter of 
i want him to make a twiter 
god night twiter & twitertweters :) 
rt hirudineajigane: twiter thank you.read those great twets.helps live beter! :) bows.   
mpeagler   getglue twiter 
twiter/of 
twiter thank you.read those great twets.helps live beter! :) bows. 
i might cal it a night godnight twiter 
search facebok for "facebok/twiter indie artist music network (worldwide) 
 ad yourself for more twiter folowers! network here!" 
rt itwetechnews: famous wrestler ra or ramon is trending on twiter. 
rt nine_oh: simply da best on twiter my tweps mui_d iak ecofriendly21 wstein imchokolatewhou sodear2myheart scop4 pyrexpres 
gona crash out prety tired, night twiter&lt;3 
twiter: what's hapening? facebok: what's on your mind? myspace: where is everyone? 
fatboyfresh87 hey brotha i forgot you had a twiter 
so what twiter neds is a "save twet" text function. so i could "st xy  5" to save the 5th most recent msg on twiter site to read later 
rt somalymam: you folow me on twiter, like my foundation on facebok   together we can stop humantraficking 
i think i'm adicted to checking my email, twiter and facebok 
retwet rt babymamadrama babydadydrama twiter s/o to everyone who read my blog w.cpc504.blogspot.com 
thanks irma teljuicy "twiter 4 busines" november 16   kingstonc twiter melbourne busines 
rashadhurst pls let us know if you ned help w/ music marketing promo. we got twiter & youtube on lock.   
irealyhatewhenpeople typ3 l!k3 th!s or use hashtags in every word on twiter 
twiter bu  builds for the ocupy_wal_stret movement [charts]   
enjoy twiter bu  builds for the ocupy_wal_stret movement [charts]   great 
rt jefbulas: what is a facebok “like” worth for your busines?   sm socialmedia twiter 
shes a freaked out philosopher on twiter lol girl bye 
gota get back on my twiter grind 
lol smh gudnite twiter 
best night ina while :) newbestfriends wish you kids had twiter amaturehour 
rt bucboy: - ima adicted to twiter. 
lovatics! wana be in a fan bok for dlovato let me know and il send wat neds2b in it via twiter 
of to slep , godnight twiter 
to much twiter taking a break. ♣ 
these chick  on twiter stay with they momy 
wow jus made a twiter i realy dnt kno how o2 use it so i nea alitle help 
twiter should i upload twetdeck for my laptop?! 
put your twiter on autopilot and let it gain folowers for you!   teamfolowback twiter autopilot 10aday 23 
some people take themselves way to seriously.especialy on twiter. it's amusing.to say the least. bles your heart. 
twiter goin hamer 
iamtinathompson judgegregmathis is on twiter also! 
welcome to twiter jackpot15! 
helo! welcome to twiter rt “beabea210: acu_med .helo acu-med!” 
karth_vader_ when did you change your nick again? i no longer se any of your twets on my timeline. anything wrong with twiter? 
- ima adicted to twiter. 
everyone be sure to folow me on twiter mele_love and check out my boy therealdwi ct stand up! 
rt okadestate: paigemorse1 tweted! its oficial she is stil alive twiter 
god morning twiter. 
ways in which you can use twiter to your profesional advantage   writeychap 
winipeg_rt andkatmy winipeg neds beter local news coverage, tired of not being in the know thanks twiter 
brb twiter;p 
thank you logoninjas for folowing us on twiter - awesome name btw! 
god night twiter of(: 
rt fri y_dri y: itaylor_simpson u post on twiter to much like ery 5 sec damn 
king_fi y & _bigrob step your twiter game up elijahcrago is starting to catch up 
god morning twiter! have a nice day. :} 
so it's ben a long minute 
but twiter, im back 
& with a clothing line! 
 
swag" 
itaylor_simpson u post on twiter to much like ery 5 sec damn 
everybody on twiter go in tha.bathrom and say blodymary3 times wit tha light of 
thought about changing my twiter profile to i'm tal, dark & single, but don't think i could take the responses if any! lol. night folks. 
folow your interests twiter 
out of my 7 months of actualy getin on twiter. i've only ben in twiterjail lik 3 times. thuglife! they were long sentences! lol:) 
what is a facebok “like” worth for your busines?   sm socialmedia twiter 
put your twiter on autopilot and let it gain folowers for you!   teamfolowback twiter autopilot 10aday 27 
dear twiter, now that we al know i'm awesome could you write me a new "al about me" for my profile because realy you do know me best. 
bout to pul up. he se me on twiter his as gone flip 
shout out to my man swagination for reaching 10 twets twiterswag twiterdeity twitermilestone twiter twiter twets 
goin to bed godnight twiter 
being able to share our thoughts with the world is awesome&gt;&gt;horay for twiter 
grahamgoingham it's a true delight to se you on twiter. p.s. you rocked the house tonight. 
godnight twiter :) 
rt somalymam: you folow me on twiter, like my foundation on facebok   together we can stop humantraficking 
nite 
twiter & folowers" 
time for bed god night twiter 
wanted to say nite twiter 
everybody a somebody on twiter! fake ases 
rt nataliajones: use twiter to generate trafic to your website   
who folows pl then unfolows them?!. yourlameashel tryna make it sem like your somebody important! it's only twiter! smh. 
folowme dijo twiter :d 
that shit lame tryna fuck with somebody through a dm on twiter tho ? 
rt nawaf91: some people take ' folowing & unfolowing ' personaly. twiter 
coming back son! twiter. 
damn girl i'l folow u to the end of the road 
 
twiter" 
twiter people when someone blocks u can they se ur twits direct to them? twiter 
twiter i'm of to bed with two cra y pups. lovethem   
lets not throw cj under the bus yet. hes stil a 10 milion dolar twiter guy! 
ned facebok fans, twiter folowers and youtube views by nvida2: i ned…   frelance job 
put your twiter on autopilot and let it gain folowers for you!   teamfolowback twiter autopilot 10aday 10 
gud morning twiter 
i didnt know there wad a test.rt "dashburst: downloadable twiter cheat shet -   
rt x_justlucky_x: i don't know why i even bother checking fb anymore. i stare for two minutes and just log of lol twiter&gt;fb 
boa noite twiter (: 
twiter of' 
swag me out twiter 
1,50 folowers on twiter and 2,50 fans on facebok? takeover iminent? helyeah. al shirts just $15 til monday! 
i had my twiter acount for like 3 years now.and i only made 4,783 twets? o_o 
rt extremejohn stuck on facebok? i’m so sory.   twiter gogle facebok 
twiter bu  builds for the ocupy wal stret movement [charts]   uncategori ed 
twiter's thinking about paying people to twet - technology -   payme twiter 
so slepy and tired, going to bed! nigh twiter ! 
i just instaled the new twidroyd for twiter on my android phone - it's fre, give it a try.   
iamroyaltyfresh pls let us know if you ned help w/ music marketing promo. we got twiter & youtube on lock.   
what is the diference betwen twiter and gogleplus? 
thiago ito twiter, msn, orkut facebok & o principal musica hah' 
i just reali ed. if i have a ridiculously long name in twiter, no one could reply to me. *hm* the posibilities. 
i just instaled the new twidroyd for twiter on my android phone - it's fre, give it a try.   
rt cnbc: the world's 10 most tweted moments - link to story   twiter 
boi 
me fel like some slp a come on 
gd nite twiter" 
twiter nyer 
twiter is great once you get the hang of it“haxdub : cbmonarch bran_day i told her to get one to be a col kid lol” 
twiter of 
mindphucked you changed your twiter name?! 
wait. i don't realy care what people are doing in their daily lives twiter 
twet twet twiter 
chinkibeauty y u up.twiter 
why tha fuck pl post everything on twiter u cant im on here what is it for someone tel me please 
badchikent se what i mean twiter o_o 
twiter of ' 
the power of twiter   
can someone explain taged to me like dont get mad at me cause twiter an fb my shit! 
somebody help me? is aple not on twiter? that sems very weird. aple twiter 
ugh idk how to use this thing twiter helpme 
who wil be our twiter winer 4 daytimewdona giveaway for $10 this fri. twet about our show, our guests, why you love us use dwd10 
put your twiter on autopilot and let it gain folowers for you!   teamfolowback twiter autopilot 10aday 29 
omf dnt start dis sh*t on twiter 
garbage welcome to twiter! 
god night twiter and thelegionofthefalen. 5:45am cimes awfuly early! 
tips for reaching out to twiter's 50 milion daily users   twiter mediagofer socialmedia smsavy prmate kmiones 
what do u think of location lock's new twiter logo? can u se the cros hairs for when gps tracking locks on 2 ur flet vehicle? 
gn twiter 
twiter melbourne busines "twiter 4 busines" november 16   kingstonc keithkeler 
twiter bu  builds for the ocupy wal stret movement [charts]   twiter 
use twiter to generate trafic to your website   
i just instaled twidroyd for twiter on my android phone - it's fre and you can mute users :)   
twiter of!* 
rt winklrsprinklr: jenwedin listen here, shaunawalters8 is new to twiter and neds practice. suport her here brat! godsamarit . 
personaly,i dont have time for that and dont realy care about what everyone in the world on facebok and twiter care about how i lok. 
i just instaled twidroyd for twiter on my android phone - it's fre and you can mute users :)   
i can live without facebok. just twiter and tumblr and youtube proven and tested. lol give me back my facebok now! lol 
seanl4 it may be a litle much. haha droptheknife and ad frankhenchusa to the picture like on your twiter acount. growupeterpan 
can you say twiter those folowers who are folowing me? 
hectoralteto welcome to the twiter 
rt bucboy: - it's so funy because she got a twiter now lol. 
put your twiter on autopilot and let it gain folowers for you!   teamfolowback twiter autopilot 10aday 19 
i just instaled the new twidroyd for twiter on my android phone - it's fre, give it a try.   
angelique_lique yo my niga i so blowed i forgot bout twiter but im bk 
time to change my twiter ap, what's the best one for my iphone? help please? twiteraps : twiter vs. twetcaster vs. ubersoical ? 
man i love twiter! 
rt juani_2: you doing a lot of hating guy rt blue_chiper : this niga ned to go to twiter jail 
rt montrelcox: it's twiter. get over it or go back to facebok and unfolow me. this is my fre forum to say exactly what the fuck i . 
wel i'm kinda realy bored right now. time to waste some time reading quotes on twiter 
jenwedin listen here, shaunawalters8 is new to twiter and neds practice. suport her here brat! godsamaritanswag 
rt gra iti: twiter to reformat al urls with t.co   
get your twiter marketing campaigns built by an seo expert:   
37 ways to use twiter for busines   
37 ways to use twiter for busines   
twiter to reformat al urls with t.co   
twiter to reformat al urls with t.co   
do you share more jokes quotes music photos or news articles on facebok or twiter? 
rt jlachance04: what a day davislachance and braedonrice get twiter bigdenmoments 
gforb 3 ma g was god with you! didn't even kno you was on twiter when was the last time you touched down in the city? 
don’t sek folowers unles you’re ready to treat them like the real people they are   twiter rt twetsmarter 
katiec7 lmao i love it please be on twiter al the time so i have another friend to mention 
godnight twiter 
so twiter who wants to buy me lunch? 
rt elishiawindfohr: twiter: each second there are 290 new twets, for a total of 250 milion per day and 7.5 bilion per month. rate . 
hates facebok whores twiter 
twiter of' 
let's be honest twiter, nothing's trending en español. 
i hate when my phne do what it want on twiter 
wa  sup twiter 
ah! fuck it! godnight! 
twiter" 
alrite back to this lab report. later twiter 
twiter and fb of 
twiter i hope al of you never stop dreaming! because dreams fuel your soul! i love dreaming big and seing what hapens! 
ah! why is twiter so adicting 
deferom lol omg you should write none twiter foreveralone. don't forget the hashtags. 
tegyboy0 oh wow lmao thank no wonder why no one answered me ! adicted twiter 
- it's so funy because she got a twiter now lol. 
rt amysimendinger: rachiecrew  dude you can't just makeup your own fucking hashtags.learn how to use twiter 
put your twiter on autopilot and let it gain folowers for you!   teamfolowback twiter autopilot 10aday 9 
godnight twiter se you in the morning for another sucesful day! 
twiter'of :d 
obamaphile vegascharlieb your not in twiter jail again r u ? 
rt murayphoto: sounds like cj20k is going down soner than later. twiter lokout 
wel that's my que, bye twiter , omf fina start quotin lines from atl lol 
twiter-on- 
and how everytime i gain a folower it say i lose one? fuckinup twiter very heavily.promoalday tmw folowlimitisgay stepitup 
zacksiam you just might be the most influential man in the twiter universe 
rt adubatsdub: facebok, twiter , spongebob, nirvana. great way to spend the night. :d 
funy how social networks prod you to be always on ya keypad, twiter-what's hapening, fb-what's on your mind? 
going to bed now godnight twiter. sleping in tomorow cu  it's fal break wining 
rt jomanerh: my twiter age is 234 days 13 hours 41 minutes 16 seconds. find out yours at   twitertime 
sounds like cj20k is going down soner than later. twiter lokout 
presidential_fu do me wrong twiter 
holycash man u can have ah olelady but them hoes for everybody son i ben doin dis u stop catchin felings its twiter 
being chosy with twiter: the folow-back conundrum   socialmedia twiter mediagofer media_guerila smsavy 
back in the twiter game 
nigas b talk reacles ova twiter like i dnt got dat tol n mi truck basketbal ov course 
ok man down. i wil own twiter 2morow! 
twiter 
novo nick in twiter. hehe' (: 
sometimes i get so lost in twiter that i end up living vicariously through other people masconfusion 
“jenyorwut: i wish twiter would tel me who retwets my stuf.”it does 
rt jenyorwut: i wish twiter would tel me who retwets my stuf. 
twiter bu  builds for the ocupy wal stret movement [charts] socialmedia sm   
how about matsloyer on the twiter! 
briana_ pls let us know if you ned help w/ music marketing promo. we got twiter & youtube on lock.   
night twiter lord please let that girl get some slep 
“kekelauren igohard_noboner yo "mena malia" lol i love your twiter name” 
its new theme after updates have to b use with it. though i like old theme of twiter for android 
i wish twiter would tel me who retwets my stuf. 
told myself i was in the bed early tonite & somehow i end up back in the computer lab on twiter.smh gues it's the gemini in me 
if u say u 10% real al the time.kil yourself asap!.everybody have their fake moments so don't front for twiter -_- 
twiter is like therapy for sum people say wat you fel & get alot of yo chest. and don't care wat the next person say 
whats a god twiter ap for ios that links to fb acounts to post links? help 
twiter bu  builds for the ocupy_wal_stret movement [charts]   mashable social 
20twets ! milestone twiter 
twiter of 
wow i just log out from twiter and there's more than 60 twets on my timeline 
twiter scientists use twiter to track flu epidemics, how to stay healthy this flu season (rt this)   
teah2015 i had to inform my twiter acount that you weren't a stranger and give you permision to se my stuf. not sure why that is. 
rt somalymam: you folow me on twiter, like my foundation on facebok   together we can stop humantraficking 
igohard_noboner yo "mena malia" lol i love your twiter name 
godnight twiter 
groupies folow me like twiter.lol jk 
i just instaled the new twidroyd for twiter on my android phone - it's fre, give it a try.   
rt loveable_lety8: night twiter 
rt capo_young: one serious statement tho ! 
twiter blocked the troy davis t 
twiter was col w ambercole 
in my opinion . bu ." 
some users are reporting problems with mising mentions. more info from twiter :   
- my cute friend melodybtc finaly got a twiter :) 
from my blog: changingdiapers party sumary & winers list   twiter upcomingparty 
bout to twet about tweting twiter seahawkswag 
godnight, twiter. 
about to bamer on twiter 
it runs the world twiter 
ain't realy ben on al day! sup twiter 
twiter how do you know that i think that sofiavergara is the funiest member of the modernfamily cast?! 
godnite twiter! 
meu twiter tá ficando velho já, my twiter age is 285 days 8 hours 52 minutes 40 seconds 
my twiter age is 285 days 8 hours 52 minutes 38 seconds. find out yours at   twitertime 
one serious statement tho ! 
twiter blocked the troy davis t 
twiter was col w ambercole 
in my opinion . bulshit ." 
twiter-of 
i out twiter til 2mar 
twiter of!. 
rt mi spicey: now tuned in to   with dejaydenco! worldwide twiter facebok join me! rt 
twiter im coming home im coming home tel the world that im coming home ls 
teamfolowback tfb mustfolow mf folownow fn folowfriday f ifb twiter folow rudybren chtvn ulchky anibalfreitas45 
word "blowpound  this t was wel neded cu  i thought twiter was dien. 
thanks for the folow don't forget to ad us to your twiter list 
retail friends, folow microsofthelps on twiter. a great resource and the oficial acount for microsoft customerservice & suport! 
mo'fucka i dont give a fuck it its facebok or twiter i expres my self how ever da fuck i can.so go suck a dick u bitch.! haha 
i wonder if i was to get at a celebrity's neck on twiter. wil i be on the news or radio. planforfame lmfao 
i fel like promoting anyones twiter page (♦mention me if you want to get promoted♦) [ promoteback ] 
folowback" 
bedtime godnight twiter 
night twiter 
the marijuana loud so the hoes folow like twiter 
this t was wel neded cu  i thought twiter was dien. 
ashsmith never twiter is where i speakmymind hahahahahaha 
twhistler makes twiter sing! twiter   
“blue_chiper : this niga ned to go to twiter jail”dayum dog ! lol 
rt j_roc616: she lovin johnyvegas! but no twiter 
i love my twiter name. 
something something qanda. something something the world is serious twiter 
this niga ned to go to twiter jail 
twetdeck working but not twiter for android 
twiter of do brunodelucas :」 
gud mrng twiter & al my frnds to. ;) 
increase your twiter folowers and or your fan count via -  
☼ solar ☺ rhondaparsons ☼ solar_sister ( a simple symbol and an underscore ) this is twiter where we twet ☼ 
madtruckman 'modern day autograph", i like the way you put that. twiter 
62 ways to use twiter for busines:   twets socialmedia 
log of facebok on twiter , but i think i'm bout to going to slep. 
twiter's dumb, i don't like it." hush up, justin. 
it's almost 4:20. where is your bong? is it packed! let's rip a bowl over the time space continum that is twiter 
check this video out - president obama at the white house corespondents' diner   
check this video out - president obama at the white house corespondents' diner   
ned sugestions for a god ir filter for my canon 40d . got some? pls dm 
surfit: i just checked my gogle for my busines- blip shows up as the second entry! huh. is that a god or ba. ?   
is in san francisco at bay to breakers. 
just landed at san francisco 
san francisco today. any sugestions? 
on my way to se star trek the esquire. 
going to se star trek son with my dad. 
bil simons in conversation with malcolm gladwel   
playing with curl and the twiter api 
playing with java and the twiter api 
nike owns nba playofs ads w/ lebron, kobe, carmelo?   adidas bilups howard marketing branding 
next time, i'l cal myself nike' 
new blog post: nike sb dunk low premium 'white gum'   
giving weka an ap engine interface, using the bird strike data for the tests, the logo is a given. 
brand new canon eos 50d 15mp dslr camera canon 17-85m is lens .: web technology thread, brand new canon eos 5.   
nvidia names stanford's bil daly chief scientist, vp of research   
new blog post: harvard versus stanford - who wins?   
jquery ui 1.6 bok review -   
at gwt fireside chat gogleio 
hi there, does anyone have a great source for advice on viral marketing?.   
here's a case study on how to use viral marketing to ad over 10,0 people to your list   
going to se the new night at the museum movie with my family oh boy a thre year old in the movies fuin 
just saw the new night at the museum movie.it was.okay.lol 7\10 
going to se night at the museum 2 with tal boy 
i saw night at the museum: batle of the swithsonian today. it was okay. your typical [kids] ben stiler movie. 
taking katie to se night at the museum. (she picked it) 
gm says expects anouncment on sale of humer son - reuters: wdsugm says expects anouncment on sale of humer .   
time warner cable puls the plug on 'the girlfriend experience' - (w.tinyurl.com/m595fk) 
rocawear heads to china, building 30 stores -   
climate focus turns to beijing: the united nations, the us and european governments have caled on china to co-o.   
myfoxdc barie students back from trip to china: a silver spring high schol's clas trip to china has en.   
thre china aerospace giants develop tianjin binhai new area, 2.9 b yuan invested   
URL gm ceo: china wil continue to be key partner 
rt latimesautos is now the time to buy a gm car?   
dentist tomorow. have to brush wel in the morning. like i make my hair al nice before i get it cut. why? 
kirstiealey pet dentist   
nca basebal super regional - rams club   
just started playing major league basebal 2k9.   
cardinals basebal advance to super regionals. face cs-fulerton friday. 
sony coupon code. expires son.   
waiting in line at safeway. 
did not reali e there is a gym above safeway! 
xphile1908 i have thre words for you: "safeway dot com" 
bout to hit safeway i gota eat 
jake's going to safeway! 
found a safeway. picking up a few staples. 
safeway super-marketing via mobile coupons   
your normal weight (and how to get there) ? normal eating blog   
is eating and watching movies. 
eating sashimi 
is eating home made yema 
eating cake 
iphone may get radio taging and nike : recently-released itunes version 8.2 sugests that voiceover functional.   
launched!   imgsearch ajax jquery webap 
rt jquery: the ultimate jquery list -   
i just extracted and open-sourced a jquery plugin from stormweight to highlight text with a regular expresion:   
ana_debenham what was the php jquery hack? 
jquery cheat shet   
begining javascript and cs development with jquery javascript cs jquery   
waren bufet on the economy   
al-star basketbal clasic tuesday features top talent: chatanoga's notre dame high schol wil play host.   
rt lok, available !ama on kindle2 &amp; kindle dx, get it here:   the top electronic bok reader period, fre 2 day ship . 
man acosts roger federer during french open   
investigation pending on death of stanford cs prof / gogle mentor rajev motwani   tip techmeme 
i'm going to bed. it was a sucesful wekend. stanford, here i come. 
gogle wave developer sandbox acount request   
matcuts have gogle profiles stoped showing up in searches? cant se them anymore 
any twiter to aprs aps yet? 
45 pros you should be folowing on twiter -   
share: disruption.fred wilson's slides for his talk at gogle hq   
ok. do nothing. just thinking about 40d 
rt justindavey: rt twetmeme gm onstar now instantly sends acident location cordinates to 91 | gps obsesed   
breakers. in san francisco, ca   
heading to san francisco 
how do you use the twiter api?.   
testing twiter api 
testing twiter api. remote update 
new blog post: nike  om lebron soldier 3 (i) - white / black - teal   
new blog post: nike trainer 1   
jobs sitercity help with taking care of sick child (east palo alto, ca)   
mba admisions tips stanford gsb deadlines and esay topics 209-2010   
ethics and nonprofits -   stanford socialentrepreneurship 
learning jquery 1.3 bok review -   
adobe cs4 comercial by godby silverstein:   
watching a programe about the life of hitler, its only enhancing my gekines of history. 
pambeslyjena jena, i went to se night at the museum 2 today and i was so surprised to se thre cast members from the ofice. 
about to watch night at the museum with ryan and stacy 
geting ready to go watch night at the museum 2. dum dum, you give me gum gum! 
i think i may have a new favorite restaurant. on our way to se "night at the museum 2". 
up! was sold out, so i'm seing night at the museum 2. i'm _ years old. 
obama: nationali ation of gm to be short-term (ap)   
time warner ceo hints at online fes for maga ines (ap) - read from mountain view,united states. views 16209   
lawson to head newedge hong kong   busines china 
weird piano guitar house in china!   
send us your gm/chevy photos   
stevemoakler i had a dentist apt this morning and had the same conversation! 
check this video out - david after dentist   
first dentist apointment [in years] on wednesday posibly. 
tom shanahan's latest column on sdsu and its nca basebal regional apearance:   
basebalamerica.com: blog: basebal america prospects blog ? blog .   
portland city politics may undo basebal park   
rt watersisweb: ca merced's water botled by safeway, resold at a profit: wels are drying up acros the county   
droped her brocoli walking home from safeway! ;( so depresed 
ronjon we don't have safeway. 
at safeway with dad 
safeway with marvin, janele, and auntie lhu 
safeway ofering mobile coupons   
philies driving in the cadilac with the top down in cali, win 5-3 -   
saved money by opting for grocery store trip and stocking fod in hotel rom fridge vs. eating out every night while out of town. 
lounging around, eating taco bel and watching ncis before work tonight. ned help staying awake. 
eating breakfast and then schol 
stil hungry after eating. 
10 tips for healthy eating ? resultsby fitnes blog : fitnes .   
with the boyfriend, eating a quesadila 
eating diner. meat, chips, and risoto. 
got a new pair of nike shoes. pics up later 
nike sb bla er high "acg" custom - brad douglas -   
nike air ye y khaki/pink colorway release -   
erickoston that loks an awful lot like one of nike's private jets.i'm just sayin. 
devsnipets : jquery tols - javascript ui components for the web.   
al about ajax,jquery ,cs ,javascript and more. (many examples)   
this is cold. i was loking at gogle's chart/visuali ation api and found this jquery "wraper" for the api.   
i spent most of my day reading a jquery bok. now to start drinking some delirium tremens. 
jquery selectors   
how to implement a news ticker with jquery and ten lines of code   
what's bufet doing? waren bufet kicks but in batle of the bots: posted by:alex cripe.   
i'm truly braindead. i couldn't come up with waren bufet's name to save my soul 
freitasm oh i se. i thought at&amp;t were 90mh  wcdma? 
plip where did you read about tethering suport phil? just at&amp;t or wil o2 be joining in? 
i hope the girl at work buys my kindle2 
mised this insight-filed may column: one smart guy loking closely at why he's impresed with kindle2   wroush 
ruby_gem my primary debit card is visa electron. 
of to the bank to get my new visa platinum card 
has a date with boby flay and gut fieri from fod network 
how to track iran with social media:   
twiter stock bu : $apl $es_f $spy $spx $palm (updated: 12:0 pm) 
johncmayer is boby flay joining you? 
ask programing: latex or indesign?: submited by calcio1 [link] [1 coment]   

